1.S: He sketches one of Gauguin 's Tahitian women and signs the portrait `` Paul Picasso . '' 
  K: If sketch causes sign then agent of sketch is the same as agent of sign

2.S: But if you take Picasso 's character and transport it to late 20 th century America , it is easier to imagine it doing almost anything except painting pictures . 
  K: If transport causes do then recipient of transport is the same as agent of do

3.S: As soon as he settles into a new style of painting -LRB- or a new home , or a new mistress -RRB- , he is contriving to destroy it -LRB- or her -RRB- . 
  K: If contrive causes destroy then agent of contrive is the same as agent of destroy

4.S: Richardson 's account does not so much excuse the bad behavior of the artist as use it to explain the career : The art was great at least in part because the artist was flawed . 
  K: If use causes explain then recipient of use is the same as agent of explain

5.S: Here the reviewer needs to drop all pretense of magisterial loft , jump down from the bench , and start testifying . 
  K: If need causes jump then agent of need is the same as agent of jump

6.S: Early in his article -- which he has called `` Escaping Picasso : The Great Master That Never Was '' -- the author reminds us that there was a time when he devoted himself to Picasso studies , how the most trivial academic revelation once caused him to run off `` to a nearby bar to drink my very first vodka on the rocks . 
  K: If cause causes run then recipient of cause is the same as agent of run

7.S: Early in his article -- which he has called `` Escaping Picasso : The Great Master That Never Was '' -- the author reminds us that there was a time when he devoted himself to Picasso studies , how the most trivial academic revelation once caused him to run off `` to a nearby bar to drink my very first vodka on the rocks . 
  K: If cause causes run then recipient of cause is the same as agent of run

8.S: Early in his article -- which he has called `` Escaping Picasso : The Great Master That Never Was '' -- the author reminds us that there was a time when he devoted himself to Picasso studies , how the most trivial academic revelation once caused him to run off `` to a nearby bar to drink my very first vodka on the rocks . 
  K: If cause causes run then recipient of cause is the same as agent of run

9.S: Early in his article -- which he has called `` Escaping Picasso : The Great Master That Never Was '' -- the author reminds us that there was a time when he devoted himself to Picasso studies , how the most trivial academic revelation once caused him to run off `` to a nearby bar to drink my very first vodka on the rocks . 
  K: If cause causes run then recipient of cause is the same as agent of run

10.S: ... I passed out and had to be carried home . '' 
  K: If pass causes carry then agent of pass is the same as recipient of carry

11.S: If a book is a best seller , bookstore clerks will be more likely to put it in the front of the store and readers to buy it . 
  K: If put causes buy then recipient of put is the same as recipient of buy

12.S: -LRB- Click to read about the legal tricks book editors employ to try to place their books on the Times list . -RRB- 
  K: If employ causes try then agent of employ is the same as agent of try

13.S: -LRB- Click to read about the legal tricks book editors employ to try to place their books on the Times list . -RRB- 
  K: If try causes place then agent of try is the same as agent of place

14.S: Superstores now allow publishers to pay to place a book up front or in the window or to display advertising . 
  K: If allow causes pay then recipient of allow is the same as agent of pay

15.S: Instead , the Times sends a list to bookstores indicating which books they are `` tracking '' as potential future best sellers and asks for sales information on those books -LRB- and any others the bookstores want to report on -RRB- . 
  K: If want causes report then agent of want is the same as agent of report

16.S: The Times says this tracking list is drawn up from information from bookstores , but publishers say they routinely call up the Times to tip them off to books selling with increasing momentum so that they can be added to the tracking list . 
  K: If say causes call then agent of say is the same as recipient of call

17.S: Some independent bookstores were so angry about this that they boycotted the list and , early in 1998 , about 100 bookstores in Northern California refused to report their sales to the New York Times list . 
  K: If refuse causes report then agent of refuse is the same as agent of report

18.S: Its authors gather data in a straightforward fashion : They record actual sales -LRB- no statistical sampling -RRB- at 3,000 bookstores and include online booksellers , which many other lists do n't . 
  K: If record causes include then agent of record is the same as agent of include

19.S: It is peppered with literary books such as The Catcher in the Rye and To Kill a Mockingbird , which are probably selling well because of their inclusion on every high-school English syllabus . 
  K: If Kill causes sell then recipient of Kill is the same as agent of sell

20.S: The week after the movie version of Nabokov 's Lolita aired on Showtime , the book jumped from 204 to make a surprise appearance at 121 . 
  K: If jump causes make then agent of jump is the same as agent of make

21.S: These lists are compiled at 3,000 chains and independents and are enhanced by statistical sampling . 
  K: If compile causes enhance then recipient of compile is the same as recipient of enhance

22.S: This unfathomable spy movie is about a master of disguise who dresses up as , among other things , a Spanish poet and an academic doofus to trick the heroine -- a lonely but gorgeous physicist with heart disease -- into surrendering the cold-fusion formula she carries in her bra . 
  K: If dress causes trick then agent of dress is the same as agent of trick

23.S: Or perhaps the scenes are shot and never used because the first cut of the movie is an hour too long . 
  K: If shoot causes never use then recipient of shoot is the same as recipient of never use

24.S: What are the odds that an 11-year-old girl who has been cut from the school gym team would , upon finding herself besieged by velociraptors in an abandoned dinosaur-breeding station , happen to be standing under a pair of handy parallel bars ? 
  K: If happen causes stand then agent of happen is the same as agent of stand

25.S: It growls and snaps at the air , and though it does manage to stomp one victim -LRB- who , in a nice touch , sticks to the bottom of its foot like a piece of gum -RRB- , in general it moves with such a lumbering gait that we might as well be back in the '60s watching Valley of the Gwangi . 
  K: If manage causes stomp then agent of manage is the same as agent of stomp

26.S: He 's bald , and he 's gon na pay . 
  K: If gon causes pay then agent of gon is the same as agent of pay

27.S: And it 's probably unsporting to take a movie like Face/Off to task for issues of verisimilitude . 
  K: If unsporting causes take then agent of unsporting is the same as agent of take

28.S: I 'm happy to buy the notion that John Travolta and Nicolas Cage were able to swap faces -- after all , they were aided by a `` state-of-the-art morpho-genetic template '' -- but I never quite understood how Cage , who is as lean as a rattlesnake , and Travolta , who has the sort of gentlemanly proportions that inspired relaxed-fit jeans , managed to trade bodies as well . -RRB- 
  K: If manage causes trade then agent of manage is the same as agent of trade

29.S: We are asked to believe not only that President Clinton -LRB- shanghaied by the filmmakers into a notorious cameo -RRB- could inspire the nation to spend trillions of dollars on this machine without even a raised eyebrow from George Will , but also that a cross-eyed , homicidal doomsday prophet would be hired to put the finishing touches on it ; and that after he sabotages the whole project in the name of Jesus , it would be rebuilt at a secret location on the island of Hokkaido by a zillionaire eccentric who floats around in orbit aboard his own custom-made Mir . 
  K: If hire causes put then recipient of hire is the same as agent of put

30.S: We are asked to believe not only that President Clinton -LRB- shanghaied by the filmmakers into a notorious cameo -RRB- could inspire the nation to spend trillions of dollars on this machine without even a raised eyebrow from George Will , but also that a cross-eyed , homicidal doomsday prophet would be hired to put the finishing touches on it ; and that after he sabotages the whole project in the name of Jesus , it would be rebuilt at a secret location on the island of Hokkaido by a zillionaire eccentric who floats around in orbit aboard his own custom-made Mir . 
  K: If ask causes believe then recipient of ask is the same as agent of believe

31.S: When Jodie Foster finally sets forth in the transport -- read no further if you do n't want to hear the movie 's ending -- she lands on a peaceful tropical beach thoughtfully provided by the aliens to cushion her culture shock . 
  K: If n't want causes hear then agent of n't want is the same as agent of hear

32.S: Incredibly , the aliens do n't have much more to say than that , and she ca n't seem to think of much more to ask . 
  K: If think causes ask then agent of think is the same as agent of ask

33.S: Then -- while still gunning the motorcycle down a logging road -- he produces a parachute from out of nowhere and straps it on just as the bike sails out over the deepest gorge in the world . 
  K: If produce causes strap then agent of produce is the same as agent of strap

34.S: Fallen moves along at a creepy and compelling pace as Hobbes learns the identity of Azazel , pursues him from one body to the next , and tries to outwit him so that he can lethally strand his spirit . 
  K: If try causes outwit then agent of try is the same as agent of outwit

35.S: Fallen works feverishly to keep you distracted from its hollow center but , like a lot of movies these days , it starts to self-destruct well before you 've got 500 cubits away from the theater . 
  K: If start causes self then agent of start is the same as agent of self

36.S: Composers are always setting to music the words of great poets , but does the music give us any better understanding of the poetry ? 
  K: If set causes music then agent of set is the same as agent of music

37.S: The songs in Disney 's Hunchback , by Alan Menken and Stephen Schwartz , are a mishmash of the ersatz -- sometimes imitating the old-fashioned Broadway cleverness of George Gershwin 's brother Ira , the lyricist -LRB- as in Hunchback 's `` A Guy Like You , '' sung by stone gargoyles , which you can listen to briefly by clicking , though I do n't advise it -RRB- , other times imitating the modern Broadway cleverness of Les Mis -LRB- as in Hunchback 's opening number , which you can also listen to with a click , though why ? -RRB- . 
  K: If listen causes briefly then recipient of listen is the same as agent of briefly

38.S: The Sturgeon King The 1960s American ban on Cuban cigars so devastated Fidel Castro that American policy-makers did n't hesitate , a decade later , to punish the flag-burning ayatollahs with a similar ban on Iranian caviar . 
  K: If n't hesitate causes punish then agent of n't hesitate is the same as agent of punish

39.S: What they did n't carelessly discard they packed in salt and shipped to the tables of Europe 's great nobles . 
  K: If n't discard causes ship then agent of n't discard is the same as agent of ship

40.S: What they did n't carelessly discard they packed in salt and shipped to the tables of Europe 's great nobles . 
  K: If pack causes ship then agent of pack is the same as agent of ship

41.S: When Mitchell confessed he did n't stock it , Palladin offered to introduce him to an Iranian importer . 
  K: If offer causes introduce then agent of offer is the same as agent of introduce

42.S: When Mitchell confessed he did n't stock it , Palladin offered to introduce him to an Iranian importer . 
  K: If offer causes introduce then agent of offer is the same as agent of introduce

43.S: When Mitchell confessed he did n't stock it , Palladin offered to introduce him to an Iranian importer . 
  K: If offer causes introduce then agent of offer is the same as agent of introduce

44.S: If you 've just won the lottery or taken your Internet company public , you can probably afford to treat yourself to 2 ounces of his beluga at $ 115 . 
  K: If win causes treat then agent of win is the same as agent of treat

45.S: If you 've just won the lottery or taken your Internet company public , you can probably afford to treat yourself to 2 ounces of his beluga at $ 115 . 
  K: If afford causes treat then agent of afford is the same as agent of treat

46.S: If you 've just won the lottery or taken your Internet company public , you can probably afford to treat yourself to 2 ounces of his beluga at $ 115 . 
  K: If afford causes treat then agent of afford is the same as agent of treat

47.S: If you 've just won the lottery or taken your Internet company public , you can probably afford to treat yourself to 2 ounces of his beluga at $ 115 . 
  K: If take causes treat then agent of take is the same as agent of treat

48.S: If you 've just won the lottery or taken your Internet company public , you can probably afford to treat yourself to 2 ounces of his beluga at $ 115 . 
  K: If afford causes treat then agent of afford is the same as agent of treat

49.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

50.S: Perhaps you will be cheered to know that most people do n't seek advice before they enter an affair , only after . 
  K: If cheer causes know then recipient of cheer is the same as agent of know

51.S: In any case , something Prudie does n't want to think about is the powder room scene you fantasize . 
  K: If n't want causes think then agent of n't want is the same as agent of think

52.S: -- Prudie , modestly Dear Prudence , I 'm often asked to contribute to various -LRB- and numerous -RRB- causes . 
  K: If ask causes contribute then recipient of ask is the same as agent of contribute

53.S: The reasons are : 1 -RRB- I do not want to wind up on donor lists and be badgered for more donations . 
  K: If not want causes badger then agent of not want is the same as recipient of badger

54.S: The reasons are : 1 -RRB- I do not want to wind up on donor lists and be badgered for more donations . 
  K: If wind causes badger then agent of wind is the same as recipient of badger

55.S: I want to give whenever and wherever I choose . 
  K: If choose causes want then agent of choose is the same as agent of want

56.S: I want to give whenever and wherever I choose . 
  K: If choose causes give then agent of choose is the same as agent of give

57.S: 2 -RRB- I do not want to be put on mailing lists that are shared among other charitable groups . 
  K: If not want causes put then agent of not want is the same as recipient of put

58.S: I 've tried to think of ways to contribute anonymously , but ca n't think of a good way . 
  K: If try causes think then agent of try is the same as agent of think

59.S: I 've tried to think of ways to contribute anonymously , but ca n't think of a good way . 
  K: If think causes contribute then agent of think is the same as agent of contribute

60.S: I 've tried to think of ways to contribute anonymously , but ca n't think of a good way . 
  K: If contribute causes n't think then agent of contribute is the same as agent of n't think

61.S: It 's a `` lying thing , '' and we need to take it seriously . 
  K: If need causes take then agent of need is the same as agent of take

62.S: Good-hearted of you , though , to want to organize a proper farewell . 
  K: If want causes organize then agent of want is the same as agent of organize

63.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

64.S: Chivalry requires not only that you unlock the door but also that you open the door for her , hold her arm to help her enter , see that the edge of her skirt has been removed from the door frame , and then close the door . 
  K: If unlock causes open then agent of unlock is the same as agent of open

65.S: Chivalry requires not only that you unlock the door but also that you open the door for her , hold her arm to help her enter , see that the edge of her skirt has been removed from the door frame , and then close the door . 
  K: If unlock causes open then recipient of unlock is the same as recipient of open

66.S: People flock to the Lincoln Memorial because they revere Lincoln as a man who rose from humble origins to become president of the United States , save the Union , free the slaves , and write some of the most profound and moving words in the English language . 
  K: If rise causes free then agent of rise is the same as agent of free

67.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

68.S: It 's easy enough to tell acquaintances that the reason I 'm not having a beer at the office party is that I 'm `` on some medication , '' and leave it at that . 
  K: If tell causes leave then agent of tell is the same as agent of leave

69.S: It 's easy enough to tell acquaintances that the reason I 'm not having a beer at the office party is that I 'm `` on some medication , '' and leave it at that . 
  K: If tell causes leave then agent of tell is the same as recipient of leave

70.S: He will know to try to avoid exacerbating your condition and may be able to help alleviate it by sympathetic and understanding behavior . 
  K: If know causes try then agent of know is the same as agent of try

71.S: He will know to try to avoid exacerbating your condition and may be able to help alleviate it by sympathetic and understanding behavior . 
  K: If try causes avoid then agent of try is the same as agent of avoid

72.S: My advice to her was that she needed to deal with her anger and learn to love herself before she could even begin to think about loving me , her half brother , and half sister . 
  K: If need causes learn then agent of need is the same as agent of learn

73.S: My advice to her was that she needed to deal with her anger and learn to love herself before she could even begin to think about loving me , her half brother , and half sister . 
  K: If learn causes love then agent of learn is the same as agent of love

74.S: My advice to her was that she needed to deal with her anger and learn to love herself before she could even begin to think about loving me , her half brother , and half sister . 
  K: If love causes begin then agent of love is the same as agent of begin

75.S: My advice to her was that she needed to deal with her anger and learn to love herself before she could even begin to think about loving me , her half brother , and half sister . 
  K: If begin causes think then agent of begin is the same as agent of think

76.S: You should not cut off your relationship with her but rather should offer her sympathy , understanding , love , and companionship . 
  K: If not cut causes offer then agent of not cut is the same as agent of offer

77.S: Obviously , after the life she has led she is going to say some mean things . 
  K: If go causes say then agent of go is the same as agent of say

78.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

79.S: Here 's one : `` How should a capital-gains tax cut be dressed up to make it seem an act of lovingkindness to people who have no capital ? '' 
  K: If dress causes make then recipient of dress is the same as agent of make

80.S: Many people who read our instructions were not deterred by the defect you discovered and have sent us heartfelt questions on a number of subjects . 
  K: If discover causes send then agent of discover is the same as agent of send

81.S: -- Prudence , teetotally Dear Prudence , I see that every editor these days is trying to copy the tone of the wonderful advice given by the sainted Mary Killen in the Spectator . 
  K: If try causes copy then agent of try is the same as agent of copy

82.S: `` Eppie '' -LRB- not her real name -RRB- used to write an advice column . 
  K: If use causes write then agent of use is the same as agent of write

83.S: Lately , however , her readers seem to have decided to become America 's Nannies , mailing in all sorts of precatory silliness -- `` Eppie , tell your readers never to leave a dead fish alone in a car on a hot day with the windows rolled up ! '' 
  K: If tell causes never leave then recipient of tell is the same as agent of never leave

84.S: Or , `` Eppie , please , please tell your readers not to make fun of fat people , such as Tipper Gore ! 
  K: If tell causes not make then recipient of tell is the same as agent of not make

85.S: -- Prudence Dear Prudence , I hate to start our relations by pointing out little details , but both you and `` Lovelocked '' missed another major point of Chivalry on the question of opening the door for your loved one . 
  K: If hate causes start then agent of hate is the same as agent of start

86.S: Sentimental Prudence prefers to focus on the romantic side of life , but she can not deny there is a darker side also . 
  K: If prefer causes focus then agent of prefer is the same as agent of focus

87.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

88.S: It is , for example , listed as a Kennedy tragedy that other people tend to die in cars driven by Kennedys . 
  K: If tend causes die then agent of tend is the same as agent of die

89.S: I will assume that you would like to have sexual relations but have not done so . 
  K: If like causes not do then agent of like is the same as agent of not do

90.S: It is easy to be attracted to a new woman , whose faults you do not know , who does not know your faults , and who has never asked you to take out the garbage or mow the lawn . 
  K: If never ask causes mow then recipient of never ask is the same as agent of mow

91.S: It is easy to be attracted to a new woman , whose faults you do not know , who does not know your faults , and who has never asked you to take out the garbage or mow the lawn . 
  K: If never ask causes mow then recipient of never ask is the same as agent of mow

92.S: I 've only seen him three times and I 'm beginning to dislike him . 
  K: If begin causes dislike then agent of begin is the same as agent of dislike

93.S: I want to break up with him . 
  K: If want causes break then agent of want is the same as agent of break

94.S: I just have an idea I should like to broadcast via you : In public libraries one finds the children 's section , the adult reading section , and the young adult 's section -LRB- read : teen-agers -RRB- . 
  K: If like causes broadcast then agent of like is the same as agent of broadcast

95.S: I thought it would gently help those young people to begin to accept the idea that they are growing up and should soon become grown-ups , or adults . 
  K: If begin causes accept then agent of begin is the same as agent of accept

96.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

97.S: I brought my own laptop and wireless modem , the better to read Slate in its full framed glory . 
  K: If bring causes read then recipient of bring is the same as agent of read

98.S: The problem is : I do n't know if he 's still married to the mother of his two college-age kids , and I do n't know how to ask . 
  K: If n't know causes ask then agent of n't know is the same as agent of ask

99.S: The problem is : I do n't know if he 's still married to the mother of his two college-age kids , and I do n't know how to ask . 
  K: If n't know causes ask then agent of n't know is the same as agent of ask

100.S: The problem is : I do n't know if he 's still married to the mother of his two college-age kids , and I do n't know how to ask . 
  K: If n't know causes ask then agent of n't know is the same as agent of ask

101.S: The problem is : I do n't know if he 's still married to the mother of his two college-age kids , and I do n't know how to ask . 
  K: If n't know causes ask then agent of n't know is the same as agent of ask

102.S: The problem is : I do n't know if he 's still married to the mother of his two college-age kids , and I do n't know how to ask . 
  K: If n't know causes ask then agent of n't know is the same as agent of ask

103.S: I doubt that I will send thank-you notes for wedding gifts this way , but I am curious to know what others think , especially Emily Post . 
  K: If curious causes know then agent of curious is the same as agent of know

104.S: I believe thank-you notes to persons you know and care about should be individually handwritten and sent by snail mail . 
  K: If handwritten causes send then recipient of handwritten is the same as recipient of send

105.S: If you want to send Bill Clinton a letter thanking him for the fine state of the U.S. economy , you can send that by e-mail . 
  K: If want causes send then agent of want is the same as agent of send

106.S: If you want to send Bill Clinton a letter thanking him for the fine state of the U.S. economy , you can send that by e-mail . 
  K: If send causes send then agent of send is the same as agent of send

107.S: He took her car ... and has not been seen for four days now . 
  K: If take causes not see then agent of take is the same as recipient of not see

108.S: He moved here from another state and his surroundings are new , but we as family have tried to bring him into the fold . 
  K: If try causes bring then agent of try is the same as agent of bring

109.S: He moved here from another state and his surroundings are new , but we as family have tried to bring him into the fold . 
  K: If try causes bring then agent of try is the same as agent of bring

110.S: Even if he returns , he is gone from her and can no longer be a part of her life . 
  K: If return causes go then agent of return is the same as recipient of go

111.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

112.S: When I was young I felt it necessary to pretend that I understood and liked the plays of Tom Stoppard . 
  K: If feel causes like then agent of feel is the same as agent of like

113.S: When I was young I felt it necessary to pretend that I understood and liked the plays of Tom Stoppard . 
  K: If understand causes like then agent of understand is the same as agent of like

114.S: You can look at it in a religious way and say that humans were destined to suffer for some sin , such as Adam and Eve 's . 
  K: If destine causes suffer then recipient of destine is the same as agent of suffer

115.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

116.S: It is the person who can sit quietly through a meeting and then cogently synthesize the issues . 
  K: If sit causes synthesize then agent of sit is the same as agent of synthesize

117.S: When and why did this practice start , and who could we contact to try to get it changed ? 
  K: If contact causes try then agent of contact is the same as agent of try

118.S: When and why did this practice start , and who could we contact to try to get it changed ? 
  K: If contact causes try then agent of contact is the same as agent of try

119.S: She is so beautiful , and I would love to ask her out , but I am shy , and she is always working when I see her . 
  K: If love causes ask then agent of love is the same as agent of ask

120.S: As Prudence read the letters she received , she often felt that the writer knew the answer but only wanted some confirmation . 
  K: If receive causes feel then agent of receive is the same as agent of feel

121.S: I just want to change the window dressing . 
  K: If want causes change then agent of want is the same as agent of change

122.S: How should I treat her now since I can hardly respect her ? 
  K: If treat causes respect then agent of treat is the same as agent of respect

123.S: How should I treat her now since I can hardly respect her ? 
  K: If treat causes respect then recipient of treat is the same as recipient of respect

124.S: I suppose there are subjects on which they know more than I do , but I suppose there are also subjects on which I know more than they . 
  K: If suppose causes suppose then agent of suppose is the same as agent of suppose

125.S: As Prudence read the letters she received , she often felt that the writer knew the answer but only wanted some confirmation . 
  K: If receive causes feel then agent of receive is the same as agent of feel

126.S: You should tell your friend candidly that you do not want to discuss this subject . 
  K: If not want causes discuss then agent of not want is the same as agent of discuss

127.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

128.S: She went on to say that this approach had the added benefit that should someone ask her to spend the night , she would be prepared . 
  K: If go causes prepare then agent of go is the same as recipient of prepare

129.S: She went on to say that this approach had the added benefit that should someone ask her to spend the night , she would be prepared . 
  K: If say causes prepare then agent of say is the same as recipient of prepare

130.S: I even bought him a pair of boxers , but he just wears them to sleep in -- with his yucky briefs underneath . 
  K: If wear causes sleep then recipient of wear is the same as agent of sleep

131.S: I prefer to describe my other dates as `` having plans . '' 
  K: If prefer causes describe then agent of prefer is the same as agent of describe

132.S: Happily , I have no feeling that I am trying to fill her shoes . 
  K: If try causes fill then agent of try is the same as agent of fill

133.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

134.S: Fortunately , she has prevailed upon her Aunt Prudence -- just this one time -- to set aside her needlework and help out her niece . 
  K: If prevail causes help then agent of prevail is the same as agent of help

135.S: If the private sector does not devise ways to sell , and so limit , use of the Net , the government will surely find a way to tax it . 
  K: If not devise causes limit then recipient of not devise is the same as agent of limit

136.S: He then found another woman and asked my permission to marry her . 
  K: If find causes ask then agent of find is the same as agent of ask

137.S: He then found another woman and asked my permission to marry her . 
  K: If ask causes marry then recipient of ask is the same as agent of marry

138.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

139.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

140.S: Dear Prudence , Before I do it , I 'm trying to figure out how satisfying revenge would be . 
  K: If try causes figure then agent of try is the same as agent of figure

141.S: It is now some time since they asked us , and I feel we need to give them a response very soon . 
  K: If need causes give then agent of need is the same as agent of give

142.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

143.S: Given the irresponsibility you describe , not to mention the sleep disturbance , prudence -LRB- the virtue , not yours truly -RRB- demands that you either rustle up another roomie -- preferably a young woman who is planning to become a nun -- or take your chances being assigned a stranger . 
  K: If describe causes not mention then agent of describe is the same as agent of not mention

144.S: I find myself having to fight off the urge to call him -- and sometimes I give in and call . 
  K: If give causes find then agent of give is the same as agent of find

145.S: I find myself having to fight off the urge to call him -- and sometimes I give in and call . 
  K: If have causes fight then agent of have is the same as agent of fight

146.S: I find myself having to fight off the urge to call him -- and sometimes I give in and call . 
  K: If call causes find then agent of call is the same as agent of find

147.S: I find myself having to fight off the urge to call him -- and sometimes I give in and call . 
  K: If have causes fight then agent of have is the same as agent of fight

148.S: Second issue : What do you think of the people who want to take the word `` man '' out of common words ? 
  K: If want causes take then agent of want is the same as agent of take

149.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

150.S: So why do n't you pole vault out of the relationship sooner rather than later , and save yourself some time ? 
  K: If n't pole causes save then agent of n't pole is the same as agent of save

151.S: I do n't want anybody to feel led on , and I 'm not ashamed , but I do n't want to run around advertising this to everyone I meet . 
  K: If n't want causes run then agent of n't want is the same as agent of run

152.S: I prefer to lay back a bit , socially . 
  K: If prefer causes lie then agent of prefer is the same as agent of lie

153.S: You observed , `` The idea of entering a place of food service without shoes -LRB- or a shirt -RRB- seems vaguely Appalachian to Prudie . '' 
  K: If seem causes Prudie then recipient of seem is the same as agent of Prudie

154.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

155.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

156.S: Dear Prudence , It 's been said that the five words men fear most are : `` Honey , we need to talk . '' 
  K: If need causes talk then agent of need is the same as agent of talk

157.S: Well , my wife is the one who refuses to talk . 
  K: If refuse causes talk then agent of refuse is the same as agent of talk

158.S: When I ask her if it would n't be easier to sit down and talk things out , she says , `` Why ? 
  K: If sit causes talk then agent of sit is the same as agent of talk

159.S: When I politely ask the drivers to stop this , they use profanity , ignore me , or threaten violence . 
  K: If ask causes stop then recipient of ask is the same as agent of stop

160.S: If it will calm you any , it sounds as if this pair is practicing emotional S&M . 
  K: If calm causes sound then agent of calm is the same as agent of sound

161.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

162.S: They offered to fax me information . 
  K: If offer causes fax then agent of offer is the same as agent of fax

163.S: I do not want to be impolite , but I do want them to understand the lucrativeness of this burgeoning market . 
  K: If want causes understand then recipient of want is the same as agent of understand

164.S: I do not want to be impolite , but I do want them to understand the lucrativeness of this burgeoning market . 
  K: If want causes understand then recipient of want is the same as agent of understand

165.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

166.S: -- Prudie , dismissively Dear Prudence , I need to know how to ask if someone is pregnant without giving offense if they 're not . 
  K: If need causes know then agent of need is the same as agent of know

167.S: -- Prudie , dismissively Dear Prudence , I need to know how to ask if someone is pregnant without giving offense if they 're not . 
  K: If know causes ask then agent of know is the same as agent of ask

168.S: And your use of the words `` casual acquaintance '' makes Prudie certain that you should ask no questions and put the gossip on hold . 
  K: If ask causes put then agent of ask is the same as agent of put

169.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

170.S: I seem to recall there was some controversy surrounding it , but I ca n't remember what . 
  K: If recall causes n't remember then agent of recall is the same as agent of n't remember

171.S: Perhaps a reliable approach is the one the late Jacqueline Onassis is said to have used . 
  K: If say causes use then recipient of say is the same as agent of use

172.S: Are government agencies allowed to drop letters ? 
  K: If allow causes drop then recipient of allow is the same as agent of drop

173.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

174.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

175.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

176.S: If you feel you must say something , state that you mutually decided to explore a wider world . 
  K: If decide causes explore then agent of decide is the same as agent of explore

177.S: If you feel you must say something , state that you mutually decided to explore a wider world . 
  K: If decide causes explore then agent of decide is the same as agent of explore

178.S: If yours were to have been a large wedding , which it is not , Prudie would advise you to invite him . 
  K: If advise causes invite then recipient of advise is the same as agent of invite

179.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

180.S: He owns a radio ; he just never plays it , he says . 
  K: If own causes say then agent of own is the same as agent of say

181.S: He owns a radio ; he just never plays it , he says . 
  K: If never play causes say then agent of never play is the same as agent of say

182.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

183.S: Prudie is willing to blow her cover and offer you her trick : When stuck , just say , `` Tell me your whole name , '' implying -LRB- alas , fraudulently -RRB- that she remembers one name , but not both . 
  K: If blow causes offer then agent of blow is the same as agent of offer

184.S: When nothing happens to relieve the situation , you can say , forthrightly , `` I 'm so sorry , your name has gone right out of my head . '' 
  K: If happen causes relieve then agent of happen is the same as agent of relieve

185.S: It 's the old commitment problem , which seems to afflict more men than women . 
  K: If seem causes afflict then agent of seem is the same as agent of afflict

186.S: Prudie thinks it best we agree to disagree , and err on the side of humane considerations . 
  K: If think causes err then agent of think is the same as agent of err

187.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

188.S: You might simply agree to disagree on this one subject . 
  K: If agree causes disagree then agent of agree is the same as agent of disagree

189.S: The trick is to clear the salad plate and place the dinner plate without being noticed . 
  K: If clear causes place then agent of clear is the same as agent of place

190.S: The trick is to clear the salad plate and place the dinner plate without being noticed . 
  K: If clear causes place then recipient of clear is the same as recipient of place

191.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

192.S: Also , the censoring process increases curiosity -- as when one refuses to answer a child 's question . 
  K: If refuse causes answer then agent of refuse is the same as agent of answer

193.S: I muttered my apologies to keep the peace , but I felt sullied having done so . 
  K: If mutter causes feel then agent of mutter is the same as agent of feel

194.S: If your one stab at being the kiddie kaiser causes your sister and her husband to invite you to mind your own business at least you will know that you tried . 
  K: If cause causes invite then recipient of cause is the same as agent of invite

195.S: If your one stab at being the kiddie kaiser causes your sister and her husband to invite you to mind your own business at least you will know that you tried . 
  K: If invite causes mind then recipient of invite is the same as agent of mind

196.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

197.S: Self-satisfaction was required to prove this , as my wife has chosen not to participate . 
  K: If choose causes not participate then agent of choose is the same as agent of not participate

198.S: Self-satisfaction was required to prove this , as my wife has chosen not to participate . 
  K: If choose causes not participate then agent of choose is the same as agent of not participate

199.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

200.S: Prudie thinks this might be one union we do not need to hear the state of . 
  K: If not need causes hear then agent of not need is the same as agent of hear

201.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

202.S: It has always meant so much to -LRB- insert husband/father 's name -RRB- that the social relationship was cordial . 
  K: If mean causes insert then agent of mean is the same as agent of insert

203.S: More than likely it will pop up before you know it . 
  K: If pop causes know then agent of pop is the same as recipient of know

204.S: I considered it enhanced masturbation and think it saved our marriage . 
  K: If enhance causes think then agent of enhance is the same as agent of think

205.S: So ... I agreed to let him have his `` intellectual friend . '' 
  K: If agree causes let then agent of agree is the same as agent of let

206.S: Prudie is going to lay it on the line . 
  K: If go causes lie then agent of go is the same as agent of lie

207.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

208.S: The alternative is to bring your own and expect to pay corkage . 
  K: If expect causes pay then agent of expect is the same as agent of pay

209.S: The alternative is to bring your own and expect to pay corkage . 
  K: If bring causes expect then agent of bring is the same as agent of expect

210.S: The alternative is to bring your own and expect to pay corkage . 
  K: If expect causes pay then agent of expect is the same as agent of pay

211.S: Viagra and Prozac are used to treat real medical conditions . 
  K: If use causes treat then recipient of use is the same as agent of treat

212.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

213.S: I know my plastic surgeon friend is going to notice the changes when we get together and will likely feel hurt that I chose a competitor . 
  K: If go causes notice then agent of go is the same as agent of notice

214.S: I know my plastic surgeon friend is going to notice the changes when we get together and will likely feel hurt that I chose a competitor . 
  K: If know causes choose then agent of know is the same as agent of choose

215.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

216.S: I 'm assuming this is some misguided attempt to preserve my individuality , but if that were my goal I would have kept my maiden name . 
  K: If assume causes keep then agent of assume is the same as agent of keep

217.S: I 've heard this particular one before but was too embarrassed to admit that I did n't get it . 
  K: If hear causes embarrass then agent of hear is the same as recipient of embarrass

218.S: I 've heard this particular one before but was too embarrassed to admit that I did n't get it . 
  K: If embarrass causes admit then recipient of embarrass is the same as agent of admit

219.S: I 've heard this particular one before but was too embarrassed to admit that I did n't get it . 
  K: If embarrass causes admit then recipient of embarrass is the same as agent of admit

220.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

221.S: Remember , too , that one of this president 's defining characteristics is his Hot Springs gene , the one that impels him to chase skirts . 
  K: If impel causes chase then recipient of impel is the same as agent of chase

222.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

223.S: I do support a woman who likes to take her husband 's name and who likes hearing a solid `` Mrs. '' in front of her name . 
  K: If like causes like then agent of like is the same as agent of like

224.S: I do support a woman who likes to take her husband 's name and who likes hearing a solid `` Mrs. '' in front of her name . 
  K: If take causes like then agent of take is the same as agent of like

225.S: Prudie does think , however , that `` insulting '' and `` inane '' were what you meant to say . 
  K: If mean causes say then recipient of mean is the same as agent of say

226.S: Fortunately , her readers leapt in to educate her . 
  K: If leap causes educate then agent of leap is the same as agent of educate

227.S: Readers are also invited to submit their own puzzles -LRB- along with a solution path -RRB- . 
  K: If invite causes submit then recipient of invite is the same as agent of submit

228.S: Readers are also invited to submit their own puzzles -LRB- along with a solution path -RRB- . 
  K: If invite causes submit then recipient of invite is the same as agent of submit

229.S: Readers are also invited to submit their own puzzles -LRB- along with a solution path -RRB- . 
  K: If invite causes submit then recipient of invite is the same as agent of submit

230.S: Readers are also encouraged to submit their own puzzles -LRB- along with a solution path -RRB- . 
  K: If encourage causes submit then recipient of encourage is the same as agent of submit

231.S: Readers are also encouraged to submit their own puzzles -LRB- with a solution path -RRB- . 
  K: If encourage causes submit then recipient of encourage is the same as agent of submit

232.S: Each year , the gardening press rallies to remedy this misimpression but only makes things worse . 
  K: If rally causes remedy then agent of rally is the same as agent of remedy

233.S: Because when he wrote `` my garden is a mess , '' he meant it . 
  K: If write causes mean then agent of write is the same as agent of mean

234.S: A big piece of tape seems to hold up some vine , dead stems of which obscure his feet . 
  K: If seem causes hold then agent of seem is the same as agent of hold

235.S: Sometimes even his beloved irises refused to bloom . 
  K: If refuse causes bloom then agent of refuse is the same as agent of bloom

236.S: The Civil War arose because Northerners feared that a small Southern `` Slave Power '' had seized control of Washington , while Southerners were convinced the North was determined to destroy their way of life . 
  K: If determine causes destroy then recipient of determine is the same as agent of destroy

237.S: The Civil War arose because Northerners feared that a small Southern `` Slave Power '' had seized control of Washington , while Southerners were convinced the North was determined to destroy their way of life . 
  K: If determine causes destroy then recipient of determine is the same as agent of destroy

238.S: The Civil War arose because Northerners feared that a small Southern `` Slave Power '' had seized control of Washington , while Southerners were convinced the North was determined to destroy their way of life . 
  K: If determine causes destroy then recipient of determine is the same as agent of destroy

239.S: Though always at the center of things , the agent cherishes his anonymity ; he 's expected to sacrifice not just life but also ego to protect the president . 
  K: If expect causes sacrifice then recipient of expect is the same as agent of sacrifice

240.S: So improbable did impeachment seem that April that Nixon 's Attorney General Richard Kleindienst defied Congress to try it , confident it would relent . 
  K: If defy causes try then recipient of defy is the same as agent of try

241.S: So improbable did impeachment seem that April that Nixon 's Attorney General Richard Kleindienst defied Congress to try it , confident it would relent . 
  K: If try causes relent then recipient of try is the same as agent of relent

242.S: Topol `` smoker 's '' toothpaste claims to remove stains caused by smoking . 
  K: If claim causes remove then agent of claim is the same as agent of remove

243.S: One shudders to imagine an actual aged person attempting to use this toothpaste . 
  K: If shudder causes imagine then agent of shudder is the same as agent of imagine

244.S: It could have used more bite , and it tasted a bit medicinal . 
  K: If use causes taste then agent of use is the same as agent of taste

245.S: Feet I decided to work from the bottom up . 
  K: If decide causes work then agent of decide is the same as agent of work

246.S: The wand is a battery-powered hairbrush that , through `` ion conditioning , '' claims to make the hair lustrous , add body , and remove odors and dandruff . 
  K: If claim causes make then agent of claim is the same as agent of make

247.S: The first problem was that before I used it , I rinsed it off and turned it back on -- apparently before it was completely dry . 
  K: If use causes rinse then agent of use is the same as agent of rinse

248.S: The first problem was that before I used it , I rinsed it off and turned it back on -- apparently before it was completely dry . 
  K: If use causes rinse then recipient of use is the same as recipient of rinse

249.S: I 'm not French , so I finally hit the shower . 
  K: If 'm causes hit then agent of 'm is the same as agent of hit

250.S: But he knew that people thought it was a fine novel , and he resented that he had n't written it himself . 
  K: If know causes n't write then agent of know is the same as agent of n't write

251.S: Mailer suspected that Faulkner had read them all and wished he had written them himself . 
  K: If suspect causes wish then agent of suspect is the same as agent of wish

252.S: The widespread assumption was that the studio knew the movie was a dog but was hoping to salvage a good opening weekend before people found out . 
  K: If hope causes salvage then agent of hope is the same as agent of salvage

253.S: A newspaper that wants to serve its readers well can provide a paragraph-long capsule and a Zagat - style reader rating instead . 
  K: If want causes serve then agent of want is the same as agent of serve

254.S: Before construction could begin , the ground below literally had to be washed to remove cyanide and arsenic . 
  K: If wash causes remove then recipient of wash is the same as agent of remove

255.S: Before construction could begin , the ground below literally had to be washed to remove cyanide and arsenic . 
  K: If wash causes remove then recipient of wash is the same as agent of remove

256.S: It can take 700 people , all of whom eat two or three times what normal people eat . 
  K: If take causes eat then recipient of take is the same as agent of eat

257.S: The Killer Nut Peanuts can kill and have killed . 
  K: If kill causes kill then agent of kill is the same as agent of kill

258.S: I do not think it is anyone 's business whether or not I am married -LRB- I am -RRB- and have kept my `` maiden '' name as many married women now do . 
  K: If not think causes keep then agent of not think is the same as agent of keep

259.S: I do not think it is anyone 's business whether or not I am married -LRB- I am -RRB- and have kept my `` maiden '' name as many married women now do . 
  K: If marry causes keep then recipient of marry is the same as agent of keep

260.S: Californians -LRB- and others -RRB- emigrated to move away from image and toward substance . 
  K: If emigrate causes move then agent of emigrate is the same as agent of move

261.S: While I understand and support the publishing of `` controversial '' opinions , his take on student loans was naive , at best . 
  K: If understand causes support then agent of understand is the same as agent of support

262.S: When children reach the age of 18 , their parents should no longer be obliged to support them financially . 
  K: If oblige causes support then recipient of oblige is the same as agent of support

263.S: What 's left to say ? 
  K: If leave causes say then agent of leave is the same as agent of say

264.S: -- Michael Solomon Homo Economicus Absurdus So , the 2.97 seconds it takes to put on your seat belt is just too long a period to make economic sense . 
  K: If take causes put then agent of take is the same as agent of put

265.S: But the real question is not what faith means , but what Chapman means by `` illogical '' and `` without evidence . '' 
  K: If mean causes mean then recipient of mean is the same as recipient of mean

266.S: Steven E. Landsburg 's comments on the national debt -LRB- `` Kwitcherbellyachin ' '' -RRB- were neither enlightening nor humorous , leading me to wonder why you bothered running the piece . 
  K: If lead causes wonder then recipient of lead is the same as agent of wonder

267.S: Nevertheless , Goble 's point is one that bears repeating , if only because it seems to be so easily forgotten . 
  K: If seem causes forget then agent of seem is the same as recipient of forget

268.S: Watching Michael Kinsley on Crossfire used to make me see red . 
  K: If use causes make then agent of use is the same as agent of make

269.S: If we encounter this new , different animal when we are alone , our instinct tells us to run away . 
  K: If tell causes run then recipient of tell is the same as agent of run

270.S: The kind of SLATE I was coming to enjoy reading was one that would rip the Wall Street Journal apart using facts , ideas , and finely honed reasoning . 
  K: If come causes enjoy then agent of come is the same as agent of enjoy

271.S: First , Volokh fails to note that the Supreme Court has conditioned the scope of the government 's authority to broadly regulate constitutionally protected content -LRB- such as nonobscene sexual content -RRB- on the specific character of the medium distributing that content . 
  K: If fail causes note then agent of fail is the same as agent of note

272.S: I think the motto that comes to mind is , `` If you ca n't beat them , buy them . '' 
  K: If come causes mind then agent of come is the same as agent of mind

273.S: I think I 'll buy the book and take my chances . 
  K: If buy causes take then agent of buy is the same as agent of take

274.S: I think I 'll buy the book and take my chances . 
  K: If think causes take then agent of think is the same as agent of take

275.S: Taylor proposes that teen-agers on welfare be paid to use an implanted device to prevent pregnancy . 
  K: If pay causes use then recipient of pay is the same as agent of use

276.S: If I were certified insane , I might want the government to assign a guardian who would act to protect my reproductive rights , as I would not have the mental faculties do so myself . 
  K: If act causes protect then recipient of act is the same as agent of protect

277.S: Recently , however , something seems to have changed . 
  K: If seem causes change then agent of seem is the same as agent of change

278.S: The plain fact is that no attempt was made to conduct the kind of second-level analysis that would have explored whether the increases were real . 
  K: If make causes conduct then recipient of make is the same as agent of conduct

279.S: Telling people around here that you are a writer is like telling a New Yorker that you are an actor and expecting them to be impressed . 
  K: If expect causes impress then recipient of expect is the same as recipient of impress

280.S: Telling people around here that you are a writer is like telling a New Yorker that you are an actor and expecting them to be impressed . 
  K: If expect causes impress then recipient of expect is the same as recipient of impress

281.S: Telling people around here that you are a writer is like telling a New Yorker that you are an actor and expecting them to be impressed . 
  K: If expect causes impress then recipient of expect is the same as recipient of impress

282.S: Telling people around here that you are a writer is like telling a New Yorker that you are an actor and expecting them to be impressed . 
  K: If expect causes impress then recipient of expect is the same as recipient of impress

283.S: The AIDS vaccines I 'm speaking of are designed to prevent an infection and thereby stem an epidemic . 
  K: If design causes stem then recipient of design is the same as agent of stem

284.S: The AIDS vaccines I 'm speaking of are designed to prevent an infection and thereby stem an epidemic . 
  K: If prevent causes stem then agent of prevent is the same as agent of stem

285.S: By the time she was finished , one could only conclude that Bill Clinton was predestined to win re-election . 
  K: If predestine causes win then recipient of predestine is the same as agent of win

286.S: Such self-absorption seems very selfish when what I want to hear about is Bosnia and its condition on the eve of the elections . 
  K: If want causes hear then recipient of want is the same as agent of hear

287.S: I found Nathan Myhrvold 's `` Insufficient Funds '' interesting , but I hope the hidden message was n't that you guys are planning to bail out . 
  K: If plan causes bail then agent of plan is the same as agent of bail

288.S: Surely your intended readers are keen observers of the world , much like you try to present yourselves . 
  K: If try causes present then agent of try is the same as agent of present

289.S: Listen , I really do n't want to criticize . 
  K: If n't want causes criticize then agent of n't want is the same as agent of criticize

290.S: His oft-stated goal of waiting until he retires to worry about giving away his money is nice , but extremely shortsighted . 
  K: If retire causes worry then agent of retire is the same as agent of worry

291.S: It 's sad to think that the epitaph on countless headstones over the next few decades will have this postscript : `` I might have lived a full life if Bill had decided to retire just a bit earlier . '' 
  K: If decide causes retire then agent of decide is the same as agent of retire

292.S: Kinsley fails to address the main point of the privatization argument : Social Security changes people 's behavior . 
  K: If fail causes address then agent of fail is the same as agent of address

293.S: Forget privatization and other attempts to `` save '' the program . 
  K: If Forget causes save then recipient of Forget is the same as agent of save

294.S: We found the book she was looking for , and found a couple of other interesting books . 
  K: If find causes find then agent of find is the same as agent of find

295.S: You ca n't browse titles on a shelf if they 're not there , and you ca n't drink caf latte over an asynchronous connection . 
  K: If n't browse causes n't drink then agent of n't browse is the same as agent of n't drink

296.S: My first Amazon order was placed on a Friday and arrived on Tuesday . 
  K: If place causes arrive then recipient of place is the same as recipient of arrive

297.S: If you got ta order it , you got ta order it . 
  K: If get causes get then agent of get is the same as agent of get

298.S: This misrepresents Keynes , who understood central-bank powers extremely well . 
  K: If misrepresent causes understand then recipient of misrepresent is the same as agent of understand

299.S: The problem , Keynes wrote , was that `` people desire the moon '' -- a perfectly safe place to store their wealth . 
  K: If desire causes store then recipient of desire is the same as agent of store

300.S: He wants to maintain the tidy and comfortable belief , beloved by Victorians of all epochs , that thrift is always a virtue . 
  K: If want causes maintain then agent of want is the same as agent of maintain

301.S: That 1994 experience proved that one can not rely on the Federal Reserve to offset the workings of the paradox of thrift . 
  K: If not rely causes offset then agent of not rely is the same as agent of offset

302.S: Another equally important message is that no matter how carefully we try to craft categories of giving , human behavior refuses to be comprehensively categorized . 
  K: If refuse causes categorize then agent of refuse is the same as recipient of categorize

303.S: Another equally important message is that no matter how carefully we try to craft categories of giving , human behavior refuses to be comprehensively categorized . 
  K: If refuse causes categorize then agent of refuse is the same as recipient of categorize

304.S: Another equally important message is that no matter how carefully we try to craft categories of giving , human behavior refuses to be comprehensively categorized . 
  K: If refuse causes categorize then agent of refuse is the same as recipient of categorize

305.S: Lemann then goes on to explain that New York has no suburbs that are `` truly hip . '' 
  K: If go causes explain then agent of go is the same as agent of explain

306.S: He takes the position that he can state and judge `` What is a libertarian ? '' 
  K: If state causes judge then agent of state is the same as agent of judge

307.S: He takes the position that he can state and judge `` What is a libertarian ? '' 
  K: If take causes judge then agent of take is the same as agent of judge

308.S: He is apparently unable to provide accurate factual information , and even contradicts himself . 
  K: If provide causes contradict then agent of provide is the same as agent of contradict

309.S: I do not think Easterbrook had to relocate to write that piece . 
  K: If relocate causes write then agent of relocate is the same as agent of write

310.S: Feingold wants to `` reform , '' not eliminate , the Milk Marketing Order system , though he acknowledges that it constitutes a `` cartel '' designed to keep dairy prices high . 
  K: If want causes reform then agent of want is the same as agent of reform

311.S: When will publications such as yours manage to develop some sense of human moral responsibility ? 
  K: If manage causes develop then agent of manage is the same as agent of develop

312.S: The evidence that a capital-gains tax would pay for itself is a bit stronger than Kinsley would care to admit . 
  K: If care causes admit then agent of care is the same as agent of admit

313.S: Her first , most lucrative , and longest-standing client was Procter & Gamble -- a contact she had made before she ever entered government . 
  K: If make causes enter then agent of make is the same as agent of enter

314.S: The companies realized they had to do better or face marketplace consequences , so they set out to hire more minorities . 
  K: If set causes hire then agent of set is the same as agent of hire

315.S: The companies realized they had to do better or face marketplace consequences , so they set out to hire more minorities . 
  K: If set causes hire then agent of set is the same as agent of hire

316.S: The companies realized they had to do better or face marketplace consequences , so they set out to hire more minorities . 
  K: If face causes hire then agent of face is the same as agent of hire

317.S: The companies realized they had to do better or face marketplace consequences , so they set out to hire more minorities . 
  K: If set causes hire then agent of set is the same as agent of hire

318.S: The companies realized they had to do better or face marketplace consequences , so they set out to hire more minorities . 
  K: If face causes hire then agent of face is the same as agent of hire

319.S: The companies realized they had to do better or face marketplace consequences , so they set out to hire more minorities . 
  K: If set causes hire then agent of set is the same as agent of hire

320.S: One-third of our government budget now goes to pay the interest on the debt that Landsburg 's friends ran up just 10 years ago . 
  K: If go causes pay then agent of go is the same as agent of pay

321.S: We make the best estimates we can and plan accordingly . 
  K: If make causes plan then agent of make is the same as agent of plan

322.S: The discussion of cloning has forgotten the complexity of human nature and centered on the kind of loony sci-fi hysteria that embarrasses the relatively few of us left who have any scientific literacy . 
  K: If forget causes center then agent of forget is the same as agent of center

323.S: -- Shelburne Robert Just Overprice It I enjoyed Paul Krugman 's `` In Praise of Cheap Labor , '' but he seems to miss the point . 
  K: If seem causes miss then agent of seem is the same as agent of miss

324.S: -- Shelburne Robert Just Overprice It I enjoyed Paul Krugman 's `` In Praise of Cheap Labor , '' but he seems to miss the point . 
  K: If seem causes miss then agent of seem is the same as agent of miss

325.S: They know that we love them and they also know that we mean what we say . 
  K: If love causes say then agent of love is the same as agent of say

326.S: Of course I do n't believe Bill Gates ordered you to slander Java ! 
  K: If order causes slander then recipient of order is the same as agent of slander

327.S: -- Dan Weinreb Bill Barnes replies : You 're right , of course , that I tend to understand the Microsoft view more clearly , just as you obviously do the JavaSoft view . 
  K: If tend causes understand then agent of tend is the same as agent of understand

328.S: Postindustrial , extreme-right movements know where to find the Web , too . 
  K: If know causes find then agent of know is the same as agent of find

329.S: I do n't know which is more depressing : the fact that some people 's faith is so weak they seek scientific approval of their beliefs , or the fact that they believe a supposedly all-knowing , all-powerful God would choose to reveal himself through some inconsequential abnormality . 
  K: If choose causes reveal then agent of choose is the same as agent of reveal

330.S: Rather , he wants to complain about the current Americanization of Europe : the fast foods , the consumerism , the fake entertainment , the destruction of native cultures , the profiteering , and the corporations . 
  K: If want causes complain then agent of want is the same as agent of complain

331.S: However , incest tends to occur among families that are distant , not ones that are intimate . 
  K: If tend causes occur then agent of tend is the same as agent of occur

332.S: Of course he 's going to say `` yes . '' 
  K: If go causes say then agent of go is the same as agent of say

333.S: The last thing an illiterate person wants to advertise is the fact that he ca n't read . 
  K: If want causes advertise then agent of want is the same as agent of advertise

334.S: And David Plotz has dismally failed to change my mind . 
  K: If fail causes change then agent of fail is the same as agent of change

335.S: The flaw is best expressed when she refers to last week as `` windfall week . '' 
  K: If refer causes last then agent of refer is the same as agent of last

336.S: We want all the breaks , and we want a simple system . 
  K: If want causes want then agent of want is the same as agent of want

337.S: I 'm a high-school economics teacher ; their perspectives have enriched my understanding and challenged my students . 
  K: If enrich causes challenge then agent of enrich is the same as agent of challenge

338.S: So I thank you and your Microsoft sponsors and ask that you continue the good work . 
  K: If and causes ask then agent of and is the same as agent of ask

339.S: Gays `` demand '' recognition and respect . 
  K: If demand causes respect then agent of demand is the same as agent of respect

340.S: Steven E. Landsburg continues to astound by insisting that logical rigor requires binary choices . 
  K: If continue causes astound then agent of continue is the same as agent of astound

341.S: But people want to spend money on things they feel connected to . 
  K: If want causes spend then agent of want is the same as agent of spend

342.S: But if she 's willing to `` sacrifice '' more of her time , she 'll `` sacrifice '' more of her money . 
  K: If sacrifice causes sacrifice then agent of sacrifice is the same as agent of sacrifice

343.S: Amar fails to grasp the purpose of the reversal . 
  K: If fail causes grasp then agent of fail is the same as agent of grasp

344.S: So , I did not expect him to say all those things that he said . 
  K: If not expect causes say then recipient of not expect is the same as agent of say

345.S: Leaving aside the fact that IBM would not even consider doing this and risking its credibility and reputation , it is a preposterous charge because whoever stepped in to help the machine would be a better player than Kasparov . 
  K: If step causes help then agent of step is the same as agent of help

346.S: Leaving aside the fact that IBM would not even consider doing this and risking its credibility and reputation , it is a preposterous charge because whoever stepped in to help the machine would be a better player than Kasparov . 
  K: If step causes help then agent of step is the same as agent of help

347.S: Leaving aside the fact that IBM would not even consider doing this and risking its credibility and reputation , it is a preposterous charge because whoever stepped in to help the machine would be a better player than Kasparov . 
  K: If step causes help then agent of step is the same as agent of help

348.S: Leaving aside the fact that IBM would not even consider doing this and risking its credibility and reputation , it is a preposterous charge because whoever stepped in to help the machine would be a better player than Kasparov . 
  K: If step causes help then agent of step is the same as agent of help

349.S: He said exactly what I wanted to say : This stupid machine will not definitively beat its masters . 
  K: If want causes say then agent of want is the same as agent of say

350.S: was David Plotz 's embrace of the one magnate who has done more to bring down the standards of journalism worldwide than any other . 
  K: If do causes bring then agent of do is the same as agent of bring

351.S: Santorum just did n't want to accept such a hollow measure . 
  K: If n't want causes accept then agent of n't want is the same as agent of accept

352.S: Wright seems to think we should boycott everything that expresses a black ego . 
  K: If seem causes think then agent of seem is the same as agent of think

353.S: It turns my stomach to read yet another backdoor assault on the economically powerful models that African-Americans have managed to establish . 
  K: If manage causes establish then agent of manage is the same as agent of establish

354.S: Unfortunately , the author failed to mention that the leading bipartisan campaign-reform bill would end this sham . 
  K: If fail causes mention then agent of fail is the same as agent of mention

355.S: Let them know that you expect them to support efforts to clean up the campaign-fund-raising system . 
  K: If expect causes support then recipient of expect is the same as agent of support

356.S: Let them know that you expect them to support efforts to clean up the campaign-fund-raising system . 
  K: If support causes clean then recipient of support is the same as agent of clean

357.S: If you want to help preserve American military integrity I suggest you investigate Hack 's charges instead of shooting -LRB- at -RRB- the messenger . 
  K: If want causes help then agent of want is the same as agent of help

358.S: Obsequious staff often offer trimmed and tabulated transcripts , the better to butter their bosses . 
  K: If tabulate causes butter then recipient of tabulate is the same as agent of butter

359.S: -- Daniel J. Mitchell The Heritage FoundationWashington In His Element After reading David Edelstein 's review of The Fifth Element , I had decided not to waste my time seeing such an illogical mess . 
  K: If decide causes not waste then agent of decide is the same as agent of not waste

360.S: -- Mike Grey San Francisco It 's Going to Be All White Being Afro-American and reading Eric Liu 's `` The Unbearable Being of Whiteness '' was like finding a kindred soul . 
  K: If Go causes read then agent of Go is the same as agent of read

361.S: The Schneider Retort Please tell Jeffrey Goldberg -LRB- `` News You Ca n't Use '' -RRB- to log off . 
  K: If tell causes log then recipient of tell is the same as agent of log

362.S: That 's because excessive trade deficits are self-limiting : If you run a trade deficit every year , bankruptcy will eventually force you to stop . 
  K: If force causes stop then recipient of force is the same as agent of stop

363.S: That 's because excessive trade deficits are self-limiting : If you run a trade deficit every year , bankruptcy will eventually force you to stop . 
  K: If force causes stop then recipient of force is the same as agent of stop

364.S: That 's because excessive trade deficits are self-limiting : If you run a trade deficit every year , bankruptcy will eventually force you to stop . 
  K: If run causes force then agent of run is the same as recipient of force

365.S: That 's because excessive trade deficits are self-limiting : If you run a trade deficit every year , bankruptcy will eventually force you to stop . 
  K: If force causes stop then recipient of force is the same as agent of stop

366.S: A perpetual trade surplus is likely to mean you 're either working too hard or consuming too little ; either way , you 're not getting enough enjoyment out of life . '' 
  K: If work causes not get then agent of work is the same as agent of not get

367.S: The Republicans may be the Stupid Party , but surely every organization is entitled to seek certain goals and to expect its members to pursue those goals . 
  K: If expect causes pursue then recipient of expect is the same as agent of pursue

368.S: It also lowers the standards of literacy and fairness and open-mindedness Slate seems to aspire to . 
  K: If seem causes aspire then agent of seem is the same as agent of aspire

369.S: -- Miriam Horn U.S. News & World Report New York City Land of the -LRB- Sluggishly -RRB- Rising Sun Jodie T. Allen 's `` NAFTA Math '' is right on , except when she remarks that Japan `` continues to enjoy '' much higher growth than the United States . 
  K: If continue causes enjoy then agent of continue is the same as agent of enjoy

370.S: If Professor Amar 's proposal became law , I would be obligated to force all investigation targets to testify just so that I could obtain the fruits of the testimony . 
  K: If obligate causes force then recipient of obligate is the same as agent of force

371.S: If Professor Amar 's proposal became law , I would be obligated to force all investigation targets to testify just so that I could obtain the fruits of the testimony . 
  K: If force causes testify then recipient of force is the same as agent of testify

372.S: If Professor Amar 's proposal became law , I would be obligated to force all investigation targets to testify just so that I could obtain the fruits of the testimony . 
  K: If force causes testify then recipient of force is the same as agent of testify

373.S: While it would make my job easier , it would also make this country a less desirable place to live . 
  K: If make causes make then agent of make is the same as agent of make

374.S: Are we using it to investigate the Jews ? 
  K: If use causes investigate then recipient of use is the same as agent of investigate

375.S: Combined Insurance Company still exists and writes insurance under that name . 
  K: If exist causes write then agent of exist is the same as agent of write

376.S: The problem is that law schools fail to practice the Socratic method . 
  K: If fail causes practice then agent of fail is the same as agent of practice

377.S: Those extra women will expand the supply of CEOs and help to drive down , or at least moderate , the currently obscene levels of CEO pay . 
  K: If expand causes help then agent of expand is the same as agent of help

378.S: Those extra women will expand the supply of CEOs and help to drive down , or at least moderate , the currently obscene levels of CEO pay . 
  K: If help causes drive then agent of help is the same as agent of drive

379.S: Next time any economist assumes that consumers behave rationally , they should be forced to read Stein 's article . 
  K: If force causes read then recipient of force is the same as agent of read

380.S: Next time any economist assumes that consumers behave rationally , they should be forced to read Stein 's article . 
  K: If force causes read then recipient of force is the same as agent of read

381.S: Obviously , there is a person or organization that continues to publish the original letter . 
  K: If continue causes publish then agent of continue is the same as agent of publish

382.S: You allege that greedy index-fund investors take advantage of noble souls doing their own research and thereby threaten to erode the quality of information and research that is the foundation of our efficient stock markets . 
  K: If threaten causes erode then agent of threaten is the same as agent of erode

383.S: There bottom feeders wait patiently to scavenge the remaining scraps . 
  K: If wait causes scavenge then agent of wait is the same as agent of scavenge

384.S: The sharks are free to hang up their fins any time and pursue the lazy life . 
  K: If hang causes pursue then agent of hang is the same as agent of pursue

385.S: As more people drop out of the competition to outperform , the marginal research and trading value of the decreasing number of active investors will become significant , and they will begin to beat the market . 
  K: If begin causes beat then agent of begin is the same as agent of beat

386.S: Combine them , he claims , and China 's big global merchandise trade surplus shrinks to insignificance . 
  K: If shrink causes insignificance then agent of shrink is the same as agent of insignificance

387.S: Let me try , however , to make four points : 1 -RRB- Tonelson seems to think that the proposition that a country which attracts large capital inflows must also be running a trade deficit is merely my opinion . 
  K: If try causes make then agent of try is the same as agent of make

388.S: Let me try , however , to make four points : 1 -RRB- Tonelson seems to think that the proposition that a country which attracts large capital inflows must also be running a trade deficit is merely my opinion . 
  K: If seem causes think then agent of seem is the same as agent of think

389.S: I quoted him only because I often find it hard to convince people that the views of the faction he represents are as crude and naive as they really are . 
  K: If find causes quote then agent of find is the same as agent of quote

390.S: Steven E. Landsburg seems to be saying in `` Property Is Theft '' that if an anti-theft device benefits citizens other than the property owner , it should be encouraged . 
  K: If seem causes say then agent of seem is the same as agent of say

391.S: What purpose or higher reasoning can Microsoft use to justify such writing ? 
  K: If use causes justify then agent of use is the same as agent of justify

392.S: Jobs ' hubris was not that he wanted to own the personal computer business , but that he wanted to sell a product that was better than anything the industry could put together piecemeal . 
  K: If want causes own then agent of want is the same as agent of own

393.S: Jobs ' hubris was not that he wanted to own the personal computer business , but that he wanted to sell a product that was better than anything the industry could put together piecemeal . 
  K: If want causes sell then agent of want is the same as agent of sell

394.S: Jobs ' hubris was not that he wanted to own the personal computer business , but that he wanted to sell a product that was better than anything the industry could put together piecemeal . 
  K: If want causes sell then agent of want is the same as agent of sell

395.S: ... Had Apple allowed Compaq , Hewlett-Packard , perhaps even IBM to build hardware running the Mac OS , it might very well have seen its software become the industry standard . '' 
  K: If allow causes build then recipient of allow is the same as agent of build

396.S: Sensible environmentalism deserves everyone 's support , and gets it up here . 
  K: If deserve causes get then agent of deserve is the same as agent of get

397.S: Rather , every talk-show host on the radio , it seemed , scurried to proclaim his or her innocence : `` Not me ! 
  K: If scurry causes proclaim then agent of scurry is the same as agent of proclaim

398.S: Sacco and Vanzetti may have been sacrificial lambs , but McVeigh appears to be reaping the fruits of his own belief system . 
  K: If appear causes reap then agent of appear is the same as agent of reap

399.S: Plotz then goes on to denigrate the notion of efficiency , as if it were self-evidently bad rather than inarguably good . 
  K: If go causes denigrate then agent of go is the same as agent of denigrate

400.S: Plotz also misuses the concept of the invisible hand , using it to mean something quite apart from what Adam Smith intended . 
  K: If use causes mean then recipient of use is the same as agent of mean

401.S: Plotz tries to vilify Dunlap , but anyone who understands economics sees that Dunlap is actually a good guy , increasing the efficiency of businesses and creating wealth . 
  K: If try causes vilify then agent of try is the same as agent of vilify

402.S: -- Bill Muse Doubting Hamas First and foremost , I would like to commend you on your publication . 
  K: If like causes commend then agent of like is the same as agent of commend

403.S: You have been an important and upstanding publication , and I would hate to lose you now . 
  K: If hate causes lose then agent of hate is the same as agent of lose

404.S: Java Jibe I was very disappointed to read Andrew Shuman 's `` Weak Java . '' 
  K: If disappoint causes read then recipient of disappoint is the same as agent of read

405.S: Shuman neglected to mention the other big advantage of Java , which is security . 
  K: If neglect causes mention then agent of neglect is the same as agent of mention

406.S: A group of German hackers demonstrated how a malicious ActiveX component can take over your copy of Quicken and make financial transactions on your behalf . 
  K: If take causes make then agent of take is the same as agent of make

407.S: There is a lot more to say on this issue , and I 'm not going to try and outline all of the important points . 
  K: If not go causes try then agent of not go is the same as agent of try

408.S: However , that Slate chose to run these poorly constructed articles is a clear instance of Microsoft editorial influence . 
  K: If choose causes run then agent of choose is the same as agent of run

409.S: I added that China `` has made it abundantly clear that it has no intention of becoming a major importer ; it aims eventually to satisfy most of its own needs . '' 
  K: If aim causes satisfy then agent of aim is the same as agent of satisfy

410.S: I humbly confess that when I first heard of a magazine that would be online only , I scoffed . 
  K: If hear causes scoff then agent of hear is the same as agent of scoff

411.S: I humbly confess that when I first heard of a magazine that would be online only , I scoffed . 
  K: If confess causes scoff then agent of confess is the same as agent of scoff

412.S: This is the comparison most Java pundits make ; therefore , it was the comparison I chose to highlight . 
  K: If choose causes highlight then agent of choose is the same as agent of highlight

413.S: If he 's living on 100 acres surrounded by other tobacco farmers , just how does he change his crop ? 
  K: If live causes change then agent of live is the same as agent of change

414.S: Of course , if you 're obtuse enough not to support the Macintosh , I guess I should n't be surprised . 
  K: If not obtuse causes support then agent of not obtuse is the same as agent of support

415.S: When slavery ended , cotton growers had either to figure out how to harvest their crop without dirt-cheap labor , or find another crop to grow . 
  K: If figure causes harvest then agent of figure is the same as agent of harvest

416.S: I believe it was Xerox who pioneered the concept and developed the technology . 
  K: If pioneer causes develop then agent of pioneer is the same as agent of develop

417.S: Too bad it chose to use McIntyre instead . 
  K: If choose causes use then agent of choose is the same as agent of use

418.S: It simply declined to hear the case . 
  K: If decline causes hear then agent of decline is the same as agent of hear

419.S: The court receives thousands of petitions asking it to review lower-court decisions every year . 
  K: If ask causes review then recipient of ask is the same as agent of review

420.S: On average , it agrees to hear less than two hundred of them . 
  K: If agree causes hear then agent of agree is the same as agent of hear

421.S: I do n't know why Michael Kinsley circa 1997 seems to disagree . 
  K: If seem causes disagree then agent of seem is the same as agent of disagree

422.S: I doubt you could find a single example of my ever having used it myself . 
  K: If find causes use then recipient of find is the same as agent of use

423.S: Yes , but it is far rarer than Pager would like to believe . 
  K: If like causes believe then agent of like is the same as agent of believe

424.S: If I receive $ 1 million , I 'm rich . 
  K: If receive causes 'm then agent of receive is the same as agent of 'm

425.S: If I receive $ 5 million , I 'm rich . 
  K: If receive causes 'm then agent of receive is the same as agent of 'm

426.S: Instead , here are three simpler questions : A. I 'm going to give you a Christmas gift . 
  K: If go causes give then agent of go is the same as agent of give

427.S: While I hope there 's a follow-up planned , I realize the wise artist knows when to walk away . 
  K: If know causes walk then agent of know is the same as agent of walk

428.S: While I hope there 's a follow-up planned , I realize the wise artist knows when to walk away . 
  K: If know causes walk then agent of know is the same as agent of walk

429.S: While I hope there 's a follow-up planned , I realize the wise artist knows when to walk away . 
  K: If know causes walk then agent of know is the same as agent of walk

430.S: Until that happens , corporations are irresponsible if they fail to pursue the interests of their shareholders , employees , and customers by lobbying Beltway bureaucrats . 
  K: If fail causes pursue then agent of fail is the same as agent of pursue

431.S: If his theory were true , Edmund Hillary 's ascent of Mount Everest would have been motivated by a desire to test new oxygen tanks , and Joshua Slocum would have circumnavigated the world in order rack up frequent-sailing miles . 
  K: If motivate causes test then recipient of motivate is the same as agent of test

432.S: I wish I could say that `` You Be the Judge '' fit the bill , but I just do n't buy it . 
  K: If say causes n't buy then agent of say is the same as agent of n't buy

433.S: I wish I could say that `` You Be the Judge '' fit the bill , but I just do n't buy it . 
  K: If wish causes n't buy then agent of wish is the same as agent of n't buy

434.S: The distinction that Microsoft refuses to admit , however , is that it can and should remove all of A that is not part of B . 
  K: If refuse causes admit then agent of refuse is the same as agent of admit

435.S: The obits fail to clear up an abiding mystery : Why did Kam Fong play ` Chin Ho ' ? 
  K: If fail causes clear then agent of fail is the same as agent of clear

436.S: Finally , the founding fathers of the United States promised to help free Ireland . 
  K: If promise causes help then agent of promise is the same as agent of help

437.S: On Oct. 4 , 1778 , Ben Franklin assured the Irish , who made up half of Washington 's army , that he was `` charged to assure you that means will be found by the Continental Congress to establish your freedom . '' 
  K: If charge causes assure then recipient of charge is the same as agent of assure

438.S: I used to read everything and really enjoyed doing so . 
  K: If use causes enjoy then agent of use is the same as agent of enjoy

439.S: I used to read everything and really enjoyed doing so . 
  K: If read causes enjoy then agent of read is the same as agent of enjoy

440.S: David Plotz 's polemic as to the citizenship of Winnie-the-Pooh serves only to stoke the fires of controversy swirling around the five unfortunate dolls . 
  K: If serve causes stoke then agent of serve is the same as agent of stoke

441.S: All these refined ladies and gentlemen of the Washington elite should learn to keep their mouths shut so as not to incriminate themselves . 
  K: If shut causes incriminate then agent of shut is the same as agent of incriminate

442.S: I imagine -LRB- indeed , I hope -RRB- that I am one of dozens who point out that Zakaria is also wrong . 
  K: If imagine causes hope then agent of imagine is the same as agent of hope

443.S: As long as the Coen brothers continue to please their audience , they have earned the right to be free of the discipline Ross imagines will spring from having studio executives second-guess their every move . 
  K: If continue causes please then agent of continue is the same as agent of please

444.S: Today 's Papers is a helpful service -- I 'm just trying to make it more helpful . 
  K: If try causes make then agent of try is the same as agent of make

445.S: would like us to believe that the reason clients are jettisoning their advertising agencies is because the agencies do n't know how to market themselves . 
  K: If n't know causes market then agent of n't know is the same as agent of market

446.S: After anteing up last month to subscribe I still love you , but this morning I 'm disappointed . 
  K: If love causes 'm then agent of love is the same as agent of 'm

447.S: I tie it tight around my electrical/biomedical-engineering-from - USC-filled head , over my up-to-the-minute , very fashionable , mostly European designer clothes -LRB- sorry , do n't mean to brag , just trying to break that ridiculous stereotype -RRB- . 
  K: If n't mean causes brag then agent of n't mean is the same as agent of brag

448.S: He might want to check his arithmetic and reconsider . 
  K: If want causes check then agent of want is the same as agent of check

449.S: He might want to check his arithmetic and reconsider . 
  K: If check causes reconsider then agent of check is the same as agent of reconsider

450.S: I spent more than a year trying to forget this , and now I 'm trying to remember it . '' 
  K: If spend causes try then agent of spend is the same as agent of try

451.S: I spent more than a year trying to forget this , and now I 'm trying to remember it . '' 
  K: If try causes remember then agent of try is the same as agent of remember

452.S: I spent more than a year trying to forget this , and now I 'm trying to remember it . '' 
  K: If try causes remember then agent of try is the same as agent of remember

453.S: I spent more than a year trying to forget this , and now I 'm trying to remember it . '' 
  K: If try causes remember then agent of try is the same as agent of remember

454.S: The likelihood is the opposite -- that bad -LRB- misleading , coercive -RRB- information will be disseminated to entice people to sell their organs and ignore the very real risks that people incur when they give up their organs . 
  K: If disseminate causes entice then recipient of disseminate is the same as agent of entice

455.S: The likelihood is the opposite -- that bad -LRB- misleading , coercive -RRB- information will be disseminated to entice people to sell their organs and ignore the very real risks that people incur when they give up their organs . 
  K: If entice causes ignore then recipient of entice is the same as agent of ignore

456.S: My understanding of the economies of scale suggests the Windows iterations being produced today should be costing less to produce than the first ones that entered the pipeline . 
  K: If cost causes produce then agent of cost is the same as agent of produce

457.S: -- Micki MaynardUSA Today Detroit bureau chief Of Wealth and Men James Surowiecki needs to read more carefully . 
  K: If need causes read then agent of need is the same as agent of read

458.S: Then he goes on to describe `` the resurrection of America 's industrial base . '' 
  K: If go causes describe then agent of go is the same as agent of describe

459.S: What I did say is that `` the glitter of instant wealth '' being made on Wall Street is overshadowing the steadier achievements of the people , wage-earners and businessmen alike , who used to call themselves `` producers . '' 
  K: If use causes call then agent of use is the same as agent of call

460.S: -LRB- Example : Jackie Judd 's citing of `` several sources '' to substantiate her witnesses-interrupted-the-president-and-Lewinsky `` scoop . '' -RRB- 
  K: If cite causes substantiate then agent of cite is the same as agent of substantiate

461.S: It would be very easy for me to say , piously , that I would have sacrificed my job rather than make the recordings , but I am a single 24-year-old without children , and I can afford to take a more principled stance . 
  K: If afford causes take then agent of afford is the same as agent of take

462.S: Yates refused to step aside when he became obviously physically infirm . 
  K: If refuse causes step then agent of refuse is the same as agent of step

463.S: He refused to debate his campaign opponents . 
  K: If refuse causes debate then agent of refuse is the same as agent of debate

464.S: -LRB- See Donnie Brasco and `` fuggedaboudit . '' -RRB- 
  K: If Donnie_Brasco causes fuggedaboudit then agent of Donnie_Brasco is the same as agent of fuggedaboudit

465.S: I 'm not Jewish or German , but I immediately recognized the infamous quote . 
  K: If 'm causes recognize then agent of 'm is the same as agent of recognize

466.S: -- Pete Ostle Trashing `` Recycled '' Maybe William Saletan could do a spin analysis of how Slate reposts `` Recycled '' stories and labels them `` new . '' 
  K: If reposts causes label then agent of reposts is the same as agent of label

467.S: He is right to try to quantify the costs , but he should include all the costs . 
  K: If try causes include then agent of try is the same as agent of include

468.S: He is right to try to quantify the costs , but he should include all the costs . 
  K: If quantify causes include then agent of quantify is the same as agent of include

469.S: He is right to try to quantify the costs , but he should include all the costs . 
  K: If quantify causes include then recipient of quantify is the same as recipient of include

470.S: I invite any Slate reader to examine my entire review and decide if it supports Weisberg 's generalizations . 
  K: If invite causes examine then recipient of invite is the same as agent of examine

471.S: Siskel gave Armageddon a `` thumbs up '' and named it his `` flick of the week '' on Sneak Previews . 
  K: If give causes name then agent of give is the same as agent of name

472.S: The plan I proposed not only gives the president an incentive to make the United States better , it also gives him an incentive to make the rest of the world worse . 
  K: If give causes give then recipient of give is the same as recipient of give

473.S: The state treats people not as citizens it serves and protects but as suckers it will swindle . 
  K: If protect causes swindle then agent of protect is the same as agent of swindle

474.S: The state treats people not as citizens it serves and protects but as suckers it will swindle . 
  K: If serve causes protect then agent of serve is the same as agent of protect

475.S: The state treats people not as citizens it serves and protects but as suckers it will swindle . 
  K: If protect causes swindle then agent of protect is the same as agent of swindle

476.S: I would like to know if Chapman would favor privatizing gambling , so that anyone who put up proof of the ability to pay off the pot could run a lottery , casino , or whatever . 
  K: If like causes know then agent of like is the same as agent of know

477.S: All content of this magazine represents the views of the respective authors and does not necessarily reflect the views of Microsoft Corp. . 
  K: If represent causes not reflect then agent of represent is the same as agent of not reflect

478.S: All content of this magazine represents the views of the respective authors and does not necessarily reflect the views of Microsoft Corp. . 
  K: If represent causes not reflect then recipient of represent is the same as recipient of not reflect

479.S: Another 's `` basic point '' : `` I do n't think it 's realistic to expect most relationships to be sexually monogamous and to last a lifetime . '' 
  K: If expect causes last then recipient of expect is the same as agent of last

480.S: The Clinton thread , meanwhile , began to feature IRS and tax reform and missile-guidance systems . 
  K: If begin causes feature then agent of begin is the same as agent of feature

481.S: Check out the `` Reading '' thread , which focused last week on Steven Pinker 's seminal The Language Instinct . 
  K: If Check causes focus then recipient of Check is the same as agent of focus

482.S: ` Religious doctrines ' were also invoked to deny women the right to vote and to defend slavery . 
  K: If invoke causes deny then recipient of invoke is the same as agent of deny

483.S: Everyone there knows it , and they do n't let it make them insecure . 
  K: If know causes make then recipient of know is the same as agent of make

484.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

485.S: I have decided to no longer offer this help , as it is not part of the work I was hired to do five years ago . 
  K: If decide causes offer then agent of decide is the same as agent of offer

486.S: Would you perhaps enjoy being deputized `` the expert '' and changing your job description ? 
  K: If enjoy causes wouldr then agent of enjoy is the same as agent of wouldr

487.S: His setting is supposed to teach us that Jesus loves gay people , too . 
  K: If suppose causes teach then recipient of suppose is the same as agent of teach

488.S: I do n't think the playwright or the theater wants people to know that the play is largely inoffensive . 
  K: If want causes know then recipient of want is the same as agent of know

489.S: -LRB- Or does he want us to think that his emotionless linearity is an Existential point of view ? -RRB- 
  K: If want causes think then recipient of want is the same as agent of think

490.S: Instead , they will continue to enjoy AOL 's own self-promotions as usual . 
  K: If continue causes enjoy then agent of continue is the same as agent of enjoy

491.S: K has no trouble deciding which it is now that he needs a few second-order considerations to refine his argument . 
  K: If need causes refine then recipient of need is the same as agent of refine

492.S: Republicans used to defend any conceivable expression of `` executive privilege '' over Congress and the courts -- now Democrats do that , while Republicans take up the old cry of `` imperial presidency . '' 
  K: If use causes defend then agent of use is the same as agent of defend

493.S: The strangest role reversal is going on right now and concerns democracy itself . 
  K: If go causes concern then agent of go is the same as agent of concern

494.S: Forty-three percent favor the artificial insemination method Jodie Foster is rumored to have used . 
  K: If rumor causes use then recipient of rumor is the same as agent of use

495.S: If firms `` all start to reduce their risks simultaneously , it might trigger a vicious liquidity-draining cycle . '' 
  K: If start causes reduce then agent of start is the same as agent of reduce

496.S: Bell signed off this week claiming a `` threatening , terrible event '' was forcing him to end his career . 
  K: If force causes end then recipient of force is the same as agent of end

497.S: Bell signed off this week claiming a `` threatening , terrible event '' was forcing him to end his career . 
  K: If force causes end then recipient of force is the same as agent of end

498.S: Who 'll stop Fox -LRB- owner of the Los Angeles Dodgers -RRB- , Disney -LRB- Anaheim Angels -RRB- , and Time Warner -LRB- Atlanta Braves -RRB- from forcing star athletes to play when it will boost ratings on their own networks or from altering rules to make sports more TV friendly ? 
  K: If force causes play then recipient of force is the same as agent of play

499.S: Vanity Fair , November 1998 -LRB- posted Thursday , Oct. 15 , 1998 -RRB- A gripping story describes the near-tragedy aboard space station Mir when a docking module crashed and punctured Mir 's walls . 
  K: If crash causes puncture then agent of crash is the same as agent of puncture

500.S: The Russians could n't afford to buy a range finder . 
  K: If n't afford causes buy then agent of n't afford is the same as agent of buy

501.S: Now that the inquiry has begun , Schumer eventually will have to vote on whether to recommend that Clinton be impeached . 
  K: If vote causes recommend then agent of vote is the same as agent of recommend

502.S: Now that the inquiry has begun , Schumer eventually will have to vote on whether to recommend that Clinton be impeached . 
  K: If vote causes recommend then agent of vote is the same as agent of recommend

503.S: The metaphor supposes that members of Congress are Clinton 's jurors and must be protected accordingly . 
  K: If suppose causes protect then agent of suppose is the same as recipient of protect

504.S: It is understood that they were offered the option of walking forwards , but declined . '' 
  K: If understand causes decline then recipient of understand is the same as recipient of decline

505.S: The conservatives are struggling to defend two arguments . 
  K: If struggle causes defend then agent of struggle is the same as agent of defend

506.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

507.S: -- Prudie , agreeably Dear Prudence , Yours is the first column I read when I get home each Friday and was the single deciding factor when I chose to buy in to Slate . 
  K: If choose causes buy then agent of choose is the same as agent of buy

508.S: Slate Evening Delivery will include a selection of new Slate cultural coverage and reviews . 
  K: If include causes review then agent of include is the same as agent of review

509.S: The irony is that Saramago uses some very contemporary methods to whip up this madeleine reminder of classic literature . 
  K: If use causes whip then recipient of use is the same as agent of whip

510.S: Saramago tries to figure out what it means to love when those conditions do n't apply . 
  K: If try causes figure then agent of try is the same as agent of figure

511.S: Saramago tries to figure out what it means to love when those conditions do n't apply . 
  K: If mean causes love then recipient of mean is the same as agent of love

512.S: A quasi-Borgesian conceit , but Saramago uses it to ask how people love when disaster upsets the social norms . 
  K: If use causes ask then recipient of use is the same as agent of ask

513.S: Dylan sang his best songs on records that came out and became instantly famous . 
  K: If come causes become then agent of come is the same as agent of become

514.S: It elevates the critic and diminishes the artist . 
  K: If elevate causes diminish then agent of elevate is the same as agent of diminish

515.S: Some directors know how to exploit their actors ' vulnerabilities , and Solondz seems to have scraped off layers of his leading lady 's skin -- it 's so translucent you can almost read her organs . 
  K: If seem causes scrape then agent of seem is the same as agent of scrape

516.S: Some directors know how to exploit their actors ' vulnerabilities , and Solondz seems to have scraped off layers of his leading lady 's skin -- it 's so translucent you can almost read her organs . 
  K: If seem causes scrape then agent of seem is the same as agent of scrape

517.S: We can see that Kristina is living a life of nightmarish deprivation , and getting the only kind of pleasure that she knows . 
  K: If live causes get then agent of live is the same as agent of get

518.S: SpaceDev can also charge scientists to carry out experiments , undercutting NASA 's hefty fees and bureaucracy . 
  K: If charge causes carry then recipient of charge is the same as agent of carry

519.S: `` Britain was obliged to alert Chile of any development that could threaten her civil peace . 
  K: If oblige causes alert then recipient of oblige is the same as agent of alert

520.S: Degas knew what he wanted and would push till he got it . 
  K: If want causes get then agent of want is the same as agent of get

521.S: They also praise the film 's `` flair , '' `` wit , '' and willingness to make fun of itself -LRB- Leonard Klady , Daily Variety -RRB- . 
  K: If willingness causes make then agent of willingness is the same as agent of make

522.S: The Mother Tongue By Eavan Boland -LRB- posted Wednesday , Oct. 21 , 1998 -RRB- To hear the poet read `` The Mother Tongue , '' click . 
  K: If Eavan_Boland causes hear then agent of Eavan_Boland is the same as agent of hear

523.S: `` Was it distinguished to call me a ` g.d. skunk ' ? 
  K: If distinguish causes call then agent of distinguish is the same as agent of call

524.S: To name just one example , Hollings uses Thurmond 's silence on the Lewinsky scandal to excuse his own silence . 
  K: If use causes excuse then recipient of use is the same as recipient of excuse

525.S: And who has most aggressively lobbied the DOJ and Congress to prosecute Microsoft ? 
  K: If lobby causes prosecute then recipient of lobby is the same as agent of prosecute

526.S: Maybe it wanted to deprive Netscape of all publicity , including bad publicity . 
  K: If want causes deprive then agent of want is the same as agent of deprive

527.S: The best bets are : 1 -RRB- Microsoft thought itself so obviously virtuous that it did n't need to defend its conduct . 
  K: If n't need causes defend then agent of n't need is the same as agent of defend

528.S: The best bets are : 1 -RRB- Microsoft thought itself so obviously virtuous that it did n't need to defend its conduct . 
  K: If n't need causes defend then agent of n't need is the same as agent of defend

529.S: The Health Care Financing Administration has refused to renegotiate rates or to allow the HMOs to drop benefits on established contracts . 
  K: If allow causes drop then recipient of allow is the same as agent of drop

530.S: If HMOs refuse to participate , however , the whole reform plan is dead . 
  K: If refuse causes participate then agent of refuse is the same as agent of participate

531.S: More HMOs are seeking to enter Medicare markets than are seeking to withdraw . 
  K: If seek causes enter then agent of seek is the same as agent of enter

532.S: Industry observers and HMO officials say that only a few more HMOs are expected to leave the program . 
  K: If expect causes leave then recipient of expect is the same as agent of leave

533.S: The HMO pullouts seemed so unexpected because until recently HMOs were pushing to expand their Medicare business . 
  K: If push causes expand then agent of push is the same as agent of expand

534.S: They are n't breaking any promises if they decide to take their ball and go home . 
  K: If decide causes take then agent of decide is the same as agent of take

535.S: Nor should Congress heed HMO lobbyists and force Medicare officials to renegotiate the 1999 contracts . 
  K: If heed causes force then agent of heed is the same as agent of force

536.S: Nor should Congress heed HMO lobbyists and force Medicare officials to renegotiate the 1999 contracts . 
  K: If force causes renegotiate then recipient of force is the same as agent of renegotiate

537.S: Everyone was expected to vote according to conscience all the time . 
  K: If expect causes vote then recipient of expect is the same as agent of vote

538.S: Since then , parties have continued to lose both power and credibility . 
  K: If continue causes lose then agent of continue is the same as agent of lose

539.S: If you think Clinton should be ousted , surely you 're glad the Republicans have united to impeach him . 
  K: If unite causes impeach then agent of unite is the same as agent of impeach

540.S: If you think Clinton should be ousted , surely you 're glad the Republicans have united to impeach him . 
  K: If unite causes impeach then agent of unite is the same as agent of impeach

541.S: And if you think the Republicans are an out-of-control majority bent on revenge , surely you 're happy to see Democrats rallying to stop them . 
  K: If think causes 're then agent of think is the same as agent of 're

542.S: Maybe we should n't attempt to extend the life of every individual . 
  K: If n't attempt causes extend then agent of n't attempt is the same as agent of extend

543.S: We want it all and want it to be free . 
  K: If want causes want then agent of want is the same as agent of want

544.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

545.S: Dear Prudence , The confluence of the Slate toothpaste article and a recent event has inspired me to write . 
  K: If inspire causes write then recipient of inspire is the same as agent of write

546.S: He got me away from the bar and told me the beauteous blonde was a guy . 
  K: If get causes tell then agent of get is the same as agent of tell

547.S: He got me away from the bar and told me the beauteous blonde was a guy . 
  K: If get causes tell then recipient of get is the same as recipient of tell

548.S: -- Dimmer Than a 10 Watt Bulb Dear Dim , Prudie wants you to immediately regain your sense of humor and be grateful that your pal stepped in before any , uh , harm was done . 
  K: If want causes regain then recipient of want is the same as agent of regain

549.S: Someone who uses his neighborhood branch to surf the Net does n't really depend on the library the way that someone who went to do research or borrow out of print books did . 
  K: If go causes borrow then agent of go is the same as agent of borrow

550.S: Of course , there are some big issues that need to be negotiated before e-books put libraries and bookstores out of business . 
  K: If need causes negotiate then agent of need is the same as recipient of negotiate

551.S: Libraries are also places where immigrants go to take English classes and where illiterates learn to read . 
  K: If learn causes read then agent of learn is the same as agent of read

552.S: Libraries are also places where immigrants go to take English classes and where illiterates learn to read . 
  K: If learn causes read then agent of learn is the same as agent of read

553.S: Libraries are also places where immigrants go to take English classes and where illiterates learn to read . 
  K: If learn causes read then agent of learn is the same as agent of read

554.S: Libraries are also places where immigrants go to take English classes and where illiterates learn to read . 
  K: If learn causes read then agent of learn is the same as agent of read

555.S: It also shortchanges the White House , which conducted a brilliant campaign to court black voters directly . 
  K: If shortchanges causes conduct then recipient of shortchanges is the same as agent of conduct

556.S: This is what Toni Morrison and others were trying to say when they described him as `` black . '' 
  K: If try causes say then recipient of try is the same as agent of say

557.S: Two hours later , he again asked her to join him , and this time she performed a sexual act . '' 
  K: If ask causes join then recipient of ask is the same as agent of join

558.S: If she gets three million dollars , she deserves ten for what she 's been through . '' 
  K: If get causes deserve then agent of get is the same as agent of deserve

559.S: Their latter-day innovations : emotion and -- as a sign that an individual has experienced it -- color . 
  K: If emotion causes color then agent of emotion is the same as agent of color

560.S: Although said to be occasionally self-indulgent , this collection of interconnected stories is hailed as generally witty , and its sendups of the publishing business are reported to have hit home . 
  K: If report causes hit then recipient of report is the same as agent of hit

561.S: His enemies are trying to deprive him of that payoff by binding the two stories together . 
  K: If try causes deprive then agent of try is the same as agent of deprive

562.S: I use the word `` innocent , '' of course , to mean not just `` not guilty '' but also `` unaware '' or `` naive . '' 
  K: If innocent causes mean then agent of innocent is the same as agent of mean

563.S: But no one told us -- and perhaps did n't know -- how the legal and political process was going to unfold . 
  K: If go causes unfold then agent of go is the same as agent of unfold

564.S: But no one told us -- and perhaps did n't know -- how the legal and political process was going to unfold . 
  K: If go causes unfold then agent of go is the same as agent of unfold

565.S: But no one told us -- and perhaps did n't know -- how the legal and political process was going to unfold . 
  K: If go causes unfold then agent of go is the same as agent of unfold

566.S: The economic situation continued to deteriorate and , as I now see , so did the political one . 
  K: If continue causes deteriorate then agent of continue is the same as agent of deteriorate

567.S: The president repeatedly asked us to reconsider . 
  K: If ask causes reconsider then recipient of ask is the same as agent of reconsider

568.S: Then we reverted to unspectacular , even painful , economics . 
  K: If revert causes unspectacular then agent of revert is the same as agent of unspectacular

569.S: sophisticated newspaper people , are allowed to slander -- Southern white males . 
  K: If allow causes slander then recipient of allow is the same as agent of slander

570.S: Hey , Posties , time to rework that style-sheet . '' 
  K: If time causes rework then agent of time is the same as agent of rework

571.S: The second assumption that comes out is that we do n't understand what is happening when a political candidate courts our community on one issue and then targets us on another issue . 
  K: If court causes target then agent of court is the same as agent of target

572.S: -- Helen Hopps San Miguel , El Salvador Brent Staples responds : Genevieve Banks claims to have read my essay `` Black Like Whom ? '' 
  K: If respond causes read then recipient of respond is the same as agent of read

573.S: I did not intend to say that all African-Americans have Southern roots . 
  K: If not intend causes say then agent of not intend is the same as agent of say

574.S: When he 's not flamethrowing , he lectures . 
  K: If not flamethrowing causes lecture then agent of not flamethrowing is the same as agent of lecture

575.S: So Schumer has done the next best thing , which is to steal D'Amato 's campaign style . 
  K: If do causes steal then recipient of do is the same as agent of steal

576.S: More recently , D'Amato stupidly -LRB- but innocently , I think -RRB- called Schumer a `` putzhead , '' then denied having said it . 
  K: If deny causes say then agent of deny is the same as agent of say

577.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

578.S: If it was the store 's mistake , I 'm sure they would want to correct the error . 
  K: If want causes correct then agent of want is the same as agent of correct

579.S: That , or he has mafia fantasies and is trying to tell you something . 
  K: If try causes tell then agent of try is the same as agent of tell

580.S: It begins with video clips of Clinton contradicting himself on how long it will take to balance the budget . 
  K: If take causes balance then agent of take is the same as agent of balance

581.S: But Benigni 's movie made me want to throw up . 
  K: If want causes throw then agent of want is the same as agent of throw

582.S: Last year Wolfe battled kidney failure and won . 
  K: If battle causes win then agent of battle is the same as agent of win

583.S: ... A fascinating story describes and denounces solitary confinement , a punishment now inflicted on 8 percent to 10 percent of prison inmates . 
  K: If describe causes denounce then agent of describe is the same as agent of denounce

584.S: Illinois has executed 11 men , but found nine more on death row innocent . 
  K: If execute causes find then agent of execute is the same as agent of find

585.S: -LRB- Yasser Arafat controls less than half the land he expected to control by now . -RRB- 
  K: If expect causes control then agent of expect is the same as agent of control

586.S: Rosenzweig went on to point out that France did little to succor its fans . 
  K: If go causes point then agent of go is the same as agent of point

587.S: -- Noah Meyerson `` Native Americans : ` Me win , me passum heap big law ... bring back St. John 's Redmen . ' ' 
  K: If win causes passum then agent of win is the same as agent of passum

588.S: The two smaller main speakers , each of which has its own amp , are freed up to focus their energies on the less burdensome middle and treble octaves . 
  K: If free causes focus then recipient of free is the same as agent of focus

589.S: Democrat Roy Barnes , who promised to continue Miller 's policies , is winning the election to succeed him . 
  K: If promise causes continue then agent of promise is the same as agent of continue

590.S: This may lead Republican Senate challenger Matt Fong and gubernatorial candidate Dan Lungren to upset victories . 
  K: If lead causes upset then recipient of lead is the same as agent of upset

591.S: The Republicans failed to win a filibuster-proof majority . 
  K: If fail causes win then agent of fail is the same as agent of win

592.S: But when a challenger has these advantages and still manages to lose , his party will invoke the `` entrenched incumbent '' excuse anyway . 
  K: If manage causes lose then agent of manage is the same as agent of lose

593.S: -- Jon Schwarz `` To persuade the United States to resume nuclear testing ... NOW ! '' 
  K: If persuade causes resume then recipient of persuade is the same as agent of resume

594.S: All-Volunteer Answer To persuade everyone to join the Army . 
  K: If persuade causes join then recipient of persuade is the same as agent of join

595.S: Similar reasoning leads Minnie to bid $ 22 . 
  K: If lead causes bid then recipient of lead is the same as agent of bid

596.S: You might expect that plan to backfire by encouraging the candidates to spend more . 
  K: If encourage causes spend then recipient of encourage is the same as agent of spend

597.S: But think again : The subsidies do n't affect the cost of the 10,001 st commercial , and they do n't affect its benefit -- so if a candidate has already decided not to run that commercial , he still wo n't want to run it . 
  K: If decide causes not run then agent of decide is the same as agent of not run

598.S: But think again : The subsidies do n't affect the cost of the 10,001 st commercial , and they do n't affect its benefit -- so if a candidate has already decided not to run that commercial , he still wo n't want to run it . 
  K: If n't want causes run then agent of n't want is the same as agent of run

599.S: Now the main effect is to encourage new candidates to enter . 
  K: If encourage causes enter then recipient of encourage is the same as agent of enter

600.S: So what Powell spends is at least partly offset by what Gore and Bush choose to save . 
  K: If spend causes choose then recipient of spend is the same as recipient of choose

601.S: So what Powell spends is at least partly offset by what Gore and Bush choose to save . 
  K: If choose causes save then recipient of choose is the same as agent of save

602.S: So what Powell spends is at least partly offset by what Gore and Bush choose to save . 
  K: If choose causes save then recipient of choose is the same as agent of save

603.S: If you know that the state lottery is likely to be rigged , you 'll buy fewer tickets . 
  K: If know causes buy then agent of know is the same as agent of buy

604.S: The second is to reduce the uncertainty about who 's going to win . 
  K: If go causes win then agent of go is the same as agent of win

605.S: Rational creatures that they are , both candidates reduce their expenditures rather than try to change a foregone conclusion . 
  K: If try causes change then agent of try is the same as agent of change

606.S: Rational creatures that they are , both candidates reduce their expenditures rather than try to change a foregone conclusion . 
  K: If try causes change then agent of try is the same as agent of change

607.S: Slow down , take a deep breath , and be careful if you plan to play historian . 
  K: If plan causes play then agent of plan is the same as agent of play

608.S: The tabs also report that two celebrity spouses could n't quite wait until their dearly beloved 's bodies were fully cold before finding that they could learn to love again . 
  K: If learn causes love then agent of learn is the same as agent of love

609.S: The tabs also report that two celebrity spouses could n't quite wait until their dearly beloved 's bodies were fully cold before finding that they could learn to love again . 
  K: If learn causes love then agent of learn is the same as agent of love

610.S: He even threatened to take the body of his dead wife home . 
  K: If threaten causes take then agent of threaten is the same as agent of take

611.S: The book charges that Diana was the first to cheat -LRB- with her bodyguard -RRB- , that she used to call Parker Bowles and make death threats , and that Charles was relieved when she died . 
  K: If use causes make then agent of use is the same as agent of make

612.S: South Dakotans voted to restrict corporate hog farming , as well . 
  K: If vote causes restrict then agent of vote is the same as agent of restrict

613.S: -LRB- Alaska did reject a ban of wolf traps , and Ohioans voted to continue the hunting of mourning doves . -RRB- 
  K: If vote causes continue then agent of vote is the same as agent of continue

614.S: -LRB- Alaska did reject a ban of wolf traps , and Ohioans voted to continue the hunting of mourning doves . -RRB- 
  K: If vote causes continue then agent of vote is the same as agent of continue

615.S: Washingtonians voted to raise the minimum wage . 
  K: If vote causes raise then agent of vote is the same as agent of raise

616.S: Sick people want to smoke a joint ? 
  K: If want causes smoke then agent of want is the same as agent of smoke

617.S: The word `` conservative '' is being manipulated by Gingrich 's enemies and the media to caricature and marginalize Republicans . 
  K: If manipulate causes marginalize then recipient of manipulate is the same as agent of marginalize

618.S: The word `` conservative '' is being manipulated by Gingrich 's enemies and the media to caricature and marginalize Republicans . 
  K: If caricature causes marginalize then agent of caricature is the same as agent of marginalize

619.S: Gingrich , the maestro of demonization , recognizes this unfolding catastrophe and is desperately trying to avert it . 
  K: If try causes avert then agent of try is the same as agent of avert

620.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

621.S: My question is this : How do I gently ask her to `` play nice '' without hurting her feelings ? 
  K: If ask causes play then recipient of ask is the same as agent of play

622.S: Prudie does not like to be bossy , but she strongly suggests you do the following , since she divines you are not going to change your shoes . 
  K: If not go causes change then agent of not go is the same as agent of change

623.S: We would not want to overdose on the problems of Slate readers , would we ? 
  K: If not want causes overdose then agent of not want is the same as agent of overdose

624.S: But if the citizens who open and empty the ballot box can suppress their eagerness to recycle these pieces of paper long enough to count them first , so much the better . 
  K: If open causes empty then agent of open is the same as agent of empty

625.S: But as Slate has grown , this policy has required us to exclude more and more . 
  K: If require causes exclude then recipient of require is the same as agent of exclude

626.S: And some readers have complained that when they print out Slate , they want all of it . 
  K: If print causes want then agent of print is the same as agent of want

627.S: So we decided to take a vote . 
  K: If decide causes take then agent of decide is the same as agent of take

628.S: We reserve the right , of course , to ignore the voters ' wishes . 
  K: If reserve causes ignore then recipient of reserve is the same as agent of ignore

629.S: Vultures circle the hero , who is not inclined to surrender . 
  K: If circle causes surrender then recipient of circle is the same as agent of surrender

630.S: I was borne along very merrily , and in fact wanted to do little else but read the novel until I was finished . 
  K: If bear causes finish then recipient of bear is the same as recipient of finish

631.S: This is part of the teeming pluralism he wishes to convey , but it feels superfluous . 
  K: If wish causes convey then agent of wish is the same as agent of convey

632.S: 4 -RRB- The cool North Face logo and jacket cut will impress your gearhead friends more than the budget Campmor logo and cut . 
  K: If impress causes cut then agent of impress is the same as agent of cut

633.S: Some think the resulting nooks create better insulation and wind resistance . 
  K: If create causes wind then agent of create is the same as agent of wind

634.S: Synthetic long underwear used to be made of polypropylene ; some of it still is . 
  K: If use causes make then agent of use is the same as recipient of make

635.S: But once again , the Republicans and the media are failing to grasp the message of the 1998 elections . 
  K: If fail causes grasp then agent of fail is the same as agent of grasp

636.S: Rather than address the moral implications of this oversight , Watts went on to explain how Republicans , by electing him , could capitalize politically on new audiences . 
  K: If go causes explain then agent of go is the same as agent of explain

637.S: Boehner agreed that the leadership needed to be changed . 
  K: If need causes change then agent of need is the same as recipient of change

638.S: `` What we need to do under my speakership , '' said speaker apparent Bob Livingston , `` is not only articulate the message but to provide the legislative machinery that it takes to back it up . '' 
  K: If take causes back then agent of take is the same as agent of back

639.S: `` What we need to do under my speakership , '' said speaker apparent Bob Livingston , `` is not only articulate the message but to provide the legislative machinery that it takes to back it up . '' 
  K: If take causes back then agent of take is the same as recipient of back

640.S: The GOP should take a page out of Bill Clinton 's playbook and promise the public 100,000 new teachers or cops or drug enforcement agents or whatever . 
  K: If take causes promise then agent of take is the same as agent of promise

641.S: -- Andrew Solovay `` Items that members of the Blair Cabinet have officially been ` urged to discard . ' 
  K: If urge causes discard then recipient of urge is the same as agent of discard

642.S: So economists must be rushing to solve these problems , right ? 
  K: If rush causes solve then agent of rush is the same as agent of solve

643.S: The point is not that the world is going to collapse ; that could happen , but it is not the clear and present danger . 
  K: If go causes collapse then agent of go is the same as agent of collapse

644.S: The testimony clearly impresses the commissioners and seems especially to impress the three nonaligned commissioners who will be the swing votes on the June 1999 report . 
  K: If impress causes seem then agent of impress is the same as agent of seem

645.S: The commission may recommend that gaming taxes be used to underwrite treatment of pathological gamblers and that insurance companies be encouraged to cover gambling addiction . 
  K: If encourage causes cover then recipient of encourage is the same as agent of cover

646.S: It medicalizes the problem of compulsive gambling , blaming it on psychological abnormality rather than industry machination . 
  K: If medicalizes causes blame then agent of medicalizes is the same as recipient of blame

647.S: Californians voted to expand Indian casinos . 
  K: If vote causes expand then agent of vote is the same as agent of expand

648.S: Chairwoman Kay Coles James , a Christian conservative and skeptic of gambling , opens the hearing by assuring the crowd that the committee is toothless : `` We 're not here to take anyone 's job . 
  K: If not 're causes take then agent of not 're is the same as agent of take

649.S: `` If one really wishes Iraq well and wants to end an international crisis , one must get rid of Saddam Hussein , '' it said . 
  K: If wish causes want then agent of wish is the same as agent of want

650.S: `` If one really wishes Iraq well and wants to end an international crisis , one must get rid of Saddam Hussein , '' it said . 
  K: If want causes end then agent of want is the same as agent of end

651.S: `` It is difficult to propose mediation when one does n't understand the position of one of the parties , '' it quoted a French government source as saying . 
  K: If propose causes quote then agent of propose is the same as agent of quote

652.S: Participants are invited to offer suggestions . 
  K: If invite causes offer then recipient of invite is the same as agent of offer

653.S: Men tend to abandon such remedies if they 're not immediately effective . 
  K: If tend causes abandon then agent of tend is the same as agent of abandon

654.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

655.S: He then continued to call me John throughout his explanation of what refinancing involved . 
  K: If continue causes call then agent of continue is the same as agent of call

656.S: Dear L. , Your old high-school girlfriends are causing you to regress to ... high school . 
  K: If cause causes regress then recipient of cause is the same as agent of regress

657.S: You read the review and wish the author felt he could cut loose . 
  K: If read causes wish then agent of read is the same as agent of wish

658.S: They then look for someone qualified to write on the subject , but without any bias . 
  K: If qualify causes write then agent of qualify is the same as agent of write

659.S: Pre-McGrath , it was even forbidden to review a book published by one 's own publishing company . 
  K: If forbid causes review then recipient of forbid is the same as agent of review

660.S: The NYTBR is n't just agnostic on such questions -- it does n't even like to consider them . 
  K: If n't like causes consider then agent of n't like is the same as agent of consider

661.S: -LRB- The prodigious James Wood , the most gifted literary critic of his generation , springs to mind . -RRB- 
  K: If spring causes mind then agent of spring is the same as agent of mind

662.S: The stunt half-works , at least until he 's supposed to undergo an inner transformation and acquire human emotions -- whereupon his face remains just as blank . 
  K: If suppose causes acquire then recipient of suppose is the same as agent of acquire

663.S: Participants were invited to offer suggestions . 
  K: If invite causes offer then recipient of invite is the same as agent of offer

664.S: But a man might still be seduced by an irresistible feminine brim , curving and dipping to offset a meaningful glance . 
  K: If seduce causes offset then recipient of seduce is the same as agent of offset

665.S: They only have to remember to let enough of their face show and not to let the hat flatten them on top , so that their full-sized , shapely head and speaking eyes will support the hat 's dashing impact , and the hat itself wo n't appear to jam a lid on the body 's expressive means . 
  K: If remember causes let then agent of remember is the same as agent of let

666.S: Netanyahu responded by saying that Arafat 's stance `` endangers the entire Oslo agreement and casts a very dark shadow over the Wye agreement as well . '' 
  K: If endanger causes cast then agent of endanger is the same as agent of cast

667.S: `` If you 've been unfairly accused , as you insist , sir , you should want these reporters to talk freely and honestly about what you and Mr. Bennett did or did not tell them . 
  K: If want causes talk then recipient of want is the same as agent of talk

668.S: -LRB- Edelstein says DiCaprio 's performance `` reminds you why movie stars sometimes deserve to be worshipped . '' 
  K: If deserve causes worship then agent of deserve is the same as recipient of worship

669.S: Maslin warns that the film is `` a collection of sea changes and splendidly realized small moments rather than a story of overarching action . '' 
  K: If warn causes realize then agent of warn is the same as agent of realize

670.S: That 's a complicated question I would n't want to tackle before I 've had a snack . 
  K: If n't want causes tackle then agent of n't want is the same as agent of tackle

671.S: I do n't hunt him because I hate him . '' 
  K: If hate causes n't hunt then agent of hate is the same as agent of n't hunt

672.S: I do n't hunt him because I hate him . '' 
  K: If hate causes n't hunt then recipient of hate is the same as recipient of n't hunt

673.S: `` I did n't want it to end . '' 
  K: If n't want causes end then recipient of n't want is the same as agent of end

674.S: The blink critique assumes that the purpose of preparing the attack was to complete it and thereby hurt Iraq . 
  K: If complete causes hurt then agent of complete is the same as agent of hurt

675.S: But suppose Clinton 's deeper purpose is -- as he says -- to control and eliminate Saddam 's weapons of mass destruction . 
  K: If control causes eliminate then agent of control is the same as agent of eliminate

676.S: Then , when Saddam allowed the inspections to resume , Clinton called off the attack . 
  K: If allow causes resume then recipient of allow is the same as agent of resume

677.S: And if you check , you 'll probably find a lot of bass fishing sites . 
  K: If check causes find then agent of check is the same as agent of find

678.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

679.S: She hopes that you thought fast and lined through the `` notation '' and wrote in what you wanted to leave . 
  K: If line causes want then agent of line is the same as agent of want

680.S: She hopes that you thought fast and lined through the `` notation '' and wrote in what you wanted to leave . 
  K: If want causes leave then recipient of want is the same as agent of leave

681.S: She hopes that you thought fast and lined through the `` notation '' and wrote in what you wanted to leave . 
  K: If think causes want then agent of think is the same as agent of want

682.S: She hopes that you thought fast and lined through the `` notation '' and wrote in what you wanted to leave . 
  K: If want causes leave then recipient of want is the same as agent of leave

683.S: She hopes that you thought fast and lined through the `` notation '' and wrote in what you wanted to leave . 
  K: If want causes leave then recipient of want is the same as agent of leave

684.S: A weaving factory is opening nearby and threatens the household income . 
  K: If open causes threaten then agent of open is the same as agent of threaten

685.S: There 's a witchy Margaret Hamilton type -LRB- Eileen Dromey -RRB- who rides some sort of electric wheelchair and attempts to spoil the whole caper . 
  K: If ride causes attempt then agent of ride is the same as agent of attempt

686.S: There 's a witchy Margaret Hamilton type -LRB- Eileen Dromey -RRB- who rides some sort of electric wheelchair and attempts to spoil the whole caper . 
  K: If attempt causes spoil then agent of attempt is the same as agent of spoil

687.S: There 's a witchy Margaret Hamilton type -LRB- Eileen Dromey -RRB- who rides some sort of electric wheelchair and attempts to spoil the whole caper . 
  K: If attempt causes spoil then agent of attempt is the same as agent of spoil

688.S: A Starr Is Boring Everyone wants to know how Congress is going to get out of the Flytrap mess . 
  K: If want causes know then agent of want is the same as agent of know

689.S: Democrats like to say Starr is `` dangerous . '' 
  K: If like causes say then agent of like is the same as agent of say

690.S: I begin to count yawns : Rep. Howard Coble , R-N.C. ; Rep. Bob Inglis , R-S.C. ; Rep. Charles Canady , R-Fla . 
  K: If begin causes count then agent of begin is the same as agent of count

691.S: Just when I think Starr has finished , I hear , `` and , indeed , if I could just add that ... '' -LRB- I notice another Starr tic : He uses adverbs to drag everything out . 
  K: If use causes drag then recipient of use is the same as agent of drag

692.S: And because they hold the committee majority , `` They are not going to give up without voting out an article of impeachment . '' 
  K: If hold causes give then agent of hold is the same as agent of give

693.S: And because they hold the committee majority , `` They are not going to give up without voting out an article of impeachment . '' 
  K: If not go causes give then agent of not go is the same as agent of give

694.S: But the paper was forced to print a correction : Masur is not leaving New York . 
  K: If force causes print then recipient of force is the same as agent of print

695.S: They auditioned musicians personally and knew them well . 
  K: If audition causes know then agent of audition is the same as agent of know

696.S: Are we permitted to dream ? '' 
  K: If permit causes dream then agent of permit is the same as agent of dream

697.S: Among the Brasco greeting cards : `` Some Laws Are Bad '' : Brasco the firearm ownership preservation bear wears a yellow cowboy suit and carries a rifle . 
  K: If wear causes carry then agent of wear is the same as agent of carry

698.S: Sambo Returns It only took a few days of national publicity to force a North Carolina college to cancel a course on the theme that American slaves were happy on the plantation . 
  K: If force causes cancel then recipient of force is the same as agent of cancel

699.S: And slaves did want the Union army to free them . 
  K: If want causes free then recipient of want is the same as agent of free

700.S: The president champions a touchy-feely `` national conversation '' on race , defenders of the Confederacy just want to tell their side of the story , school officials worry about offending the community , and Ed Ball , inspired by the confirmation of shared blood , wants to use his book profits to fund interracial dialogue . 
  K: If want causes use then agent of want is the same as agent of use

701.S: The president champions a touchy-feely `` national conversation '' on race , defenders of the Confederacy just want to tell their side of the story , school officials worry about offending the community , and Ed Ball , inspired by the confirmation of shared blood , wants to use his book profits to fund interracial dialogue . 
  K: If want causes tell then agent of want is the same as agent of tell

702.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

703.S: You are invited to describe the Christmas card sure to be sent by a corporation , world leader , or other personage . 
  K: If invite causes describe then recipient of invite is the same as agent of describe

704.S: Float -- we gather together to count the Lord 's pantyhose . 
  K: If gather causes count then agent of gather is the same as agent of count

705.S: Brill replied that several Democrats had asked the question , but Starr had refused to answer on the grounds that a federal judge had ordered the investigation of these leaks to be kept confidential . 
  K: If order causes keep then recipient of order is the same as recipient of keep

706.S: Brill replied that several Democrats had asked the question , but Starr had refused to answer on the grounds that a federal judge had ordered the investigation of these leaks to be kept confidential . 
  K: If refuse causes answer then agent of refuse is the same as agent of answer

707.S: Brill replied that several Democrats had asked the question , but Starr had refused to answer on the grounds that a federal judge had ordered the investigation of these leaks to be kept confidential . 
  K: If order causes keep then recipient of order is the same as recipient of keep

708.S: Brill replied that several Democrats had asked the question , but Starr had refused to answer on the grounds that a federal judge had ordered the investigation of these leaks to be kept confidential . 
  K: If refuse causes answer then agent of refuse is the same as agent of answer

709.S: Finally , despite all the evasive techniques , Clinton and Starr have both told the lies they struggled to avoid . 
  K: If struggle causes avoid then agent of struggle is the same as agent of avoid

710.S: Sometimes Slate appears to favor totalitarian intolerance of conservative thought . 
  K: If appear causes favor then agent of appear is the same as agent of favor

711.S: It took Starr months to discredit the first school . 
  K: If take causes discredit then recipient of take is the same as agent of discredit

712.S: Starr tried to make a bookstore cough up records of her purchases . 
  K: If try causes make then agent of try is the same as agent of make

713.S: The spins : 1 -RRB- House Republicans will impeach Clinton because he has failed to absorb the moral lessons of the scandal . 
  K: If fail causes absorb then agent of fail is the same as agent of absorb

714.S: The spins : 1 -RRB- House Republicans will impeach Clinton because he has failed to absorb the moral lessons of the scandal . 
  K: If fail causes absorb then agent of fail is the same as agent of absorb

715.S: 2 -RRB- House Republicans will impeach Clinton because they have failed to absorb the political lessons of the scandal . 
  K: If fail causes absorb then agent of fail is the same as agent of absorb

716.S: `` Since no international tribunal exists to judge such events , the English took the place of this institution which it is now more than ever necessary to create . '' 
  K: If exist causes judge then agent of exist is the same as agent of judge

717.S: Both Newsweek and U.S. News run cover packages predicting that consumers will log on to find holiday gifts . 
  K: If log causes find then agent of log is the same as agent of find

718.S: Newsweek 's coverage says the Web beats the malls : It 's easier to find what you want , it 's often cheaper , and you do n't need to find parking . 
  K: If n't need causes find then agent of n't need is the same as agent of find

719.S: You were invited to describe the Christmas card sure to be sent by a corporation , world leader , or other personage . 
  K: If invite causes describe then recipient of invite is the same as agent of describe

720.S: Jakuchu , a vegetarian who managed his family 's vegetable business , seems to have taken vegetables pretty seriously . 
  K: If seem causes take then agent of seem is the same as agent of take

721.S: Since then , politics has stagnated , science has exploded , and the art of moral rationalization has mutated to suit the new environment . 
  K: If mutate causes suit then agent of mutate is the same as agent of suit

722.S: The ethicists who advise politicians and biotech firms ca n't comprehend the gravity of this step . 
  K: If advise causes n't comprehend then agent of advise is the same as agent of n't comprehend

723.S: Incoming House Speaker Bob Livingston confessed to adultery . 
  K: If confess causes adultery then agent of confess is the same as agent of adultery

724.S: The idealistic spin : Netanyahu wants the Palestinians to accept his conditions so peace can go forward . 
  K: If want causes accept then recipient of want is the same as agent of accept

725.S: He did n't tell the best jokes , but he told the most . 
  K: If n't tell causes tell then agent of n't tell is the same as agent of tell

726.S: The American Civil Liberties Union may sue to block the new classes . 
  K: If sue causes block then agent of sue is the same as agent of block

727.S: The Nation , Dec. 28 -LRB- posted Tuesday , Dec. 15 , 1998 -RRB- The cover story urges government action to harness the talents of retiring baby boomers . 
  K: If urge causes harness then recipient of urge is the same as agent of harness

728.S: ... An essay tries to explain why everyone hates the French . 
  K: If try causes explain then agent of try is the same as agent of explain

729.S: `` Santa Claus visited the East Side last night , '' the New York Tribune noted on Christmas Day , 1904 , `` and hardly missed a tenement house . '' 
  K: If visit causes miss then agent of visit is the same as agent of miss

730.S: Clinton says he 's `` profoundly sorry ... for what I said and did to trigger these events . '' 
  K: If say causes trigger then agent of say is the same as agent of trigger

731.S: Rep. Henry Hyde , R-Ill. , the chief House prosecutor , urges Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr to drop the idea of indicting Clinton . 
  K: If urge causes drop then recipient of urge is the same as agent of drop

732.S: Polls indicate that the public supports the verdict and wants to move on . 
  K: If support causes want then agent of support is the same as agent of want

733.S: Polls indicate that the public supports the verdict and wants to move on . 
  K: If want causes move then agent of want is the same as agent of move

734.S: Polls indicate that the public supports the verdict and wants to move on . 
  K: If want causes move then agent of want is the same as agent of move

735.S: The idealistic spin : Kicking out the media will allow senators to reach their verdict based on reason and conscience . 
  K: If allow causes reach then recipient of allow is the same as agent of reach

736.S: The cynical spin : Democrats voted to open the deliberations and Republicans voted to close them because both sides know Democrats are on the politically popular side of the debate . 
  K: If vote causes close then agent of vote is the same as agent of close

737.S: The cynical spin : Democrats voted to open the deliberations and Republicans voted to close them because both sides know Democrats are on the politically popular side of the debate . 
  K: If vote causes close then agent of vote is the same as agent of close

738.S: The cynical spin : Democrats voted to open the deliberations and Republicans voted to close them because both sides know Democrats are on the politically popular side of the debate . 
  K: If vote causes close then agent of vote is the same as agent of close

739.S: -LRB- Slate 's David Edelstein likes the film but calls some of the plot devices `` a bit cheap . '' 
  K: If like causes call then agent of like is the same as agent of call

740.S: But the old Congress , including the old Republicans , will decide whether to impeach the president . 
  K: If decide causes impeach then agent of decide is the same as agent of impeach

741.S: A second point that we would make To help avoid confusion Do n't try to charge the same amount ! 
  K: If n't try causes charge then agent of n't try is the same as agent of charge

742.S: A second point that we would make To help avoid confusion Do n't try to charge the same amount ! 
  K: If make causes help then agent of make is the same as agent of help

743.S: A second point that we would make To help avoid confusion Do n't try to charge the same amount ! 
  K: If make causes help then agent of make is the same as agent of help

744.S: Clinton 's true crime is not perjury or adultery , Graham shouts , it 's that he planned to destroy Monica . '' 
  K: If plan causes destroy then agent of plan is the same as agent of destroy

745.S: He complains that a few powerful schools are aligning themselves to take a larger slice of the revenues generated by big-time college athletics and bemoans the small colleges whose athletic programs will be destroyed by this . 
  K: If align causes take then recipient of align is the same as agent of take

746.S: The Republicans have taken a bold option : They will just refuse to pass a budget , and they 'll let the government shut down . 
  K: If refuse causes pass then agent of refuse is the same as agent of pass

747.S: CLINTON : OK , tell the ushers To take a few days off . 
  K: If tell causes take then recipient of tell is the same as agent of take

748.S: `` President Lonely '' -LRB- a ballad -RRB- CLINTON : I 've got deputies and bureaucrats Who fulfill my every thought . 
  K: If get causes fulfill then recipient of get is the same as agent of fulfill

749.S: I showed him my thong , I let him take a long and ling ` ring look . 
  K: If show causes take then recipient of show is the same as agent of take

750.S: LIEBERMAN : I do n't mind a girl who thinks , It 's just what she picks to drink . 
  K: If pick causes drink then agent of pick is the same as agent of drink

751.S: LIEBERMAN : I do n't mind a girl who thinks , It 's just what she picks to drink . 
  K: If pick causes drink then agent of pick is the same as agent of drink

752.S: LIEBERMAN : I do n't mind a girl who thinks , It 's just what she picks to drink . 
  K: If pick causes drink then agent of pick is the same as agent of drink

753.S: They wan na torpedo my agenda They hate me and Hillary . 
  K: If wan causes torpedo then agent of wan is the same as agent of torpedo

754.S: His aides are n't the innocent bystanders As they claim when they moan and whine . 
  K: If moan causes whine then agent of moan is the same as agent of whine

755.S: His aides are n't the innocent bystanders As they claim when they moan and whine . 
  K: If claim causes whine then agent of claim is the same as agent of whine

756.S: CLINTON : Inappropriate was the nature of our actions , And believe me I regret the whole damn thing , But inappropriate are all these personal questions , The country does n't need to know these things . 
  K: If n't need causes know then agent of n't need is the same as agent of know

757.S: `` Bring 'em Down '' -LRB- dark , moody -RRB- GINGRICH : Must n't seem to be too cheerful , Must n't overreach , Must remember to seem unhappy That we 're going to impeach . 
  K: If go causes impeach then agent of go is the same as agent of impeach

758.S: You think perhaps that he will not want me For all the trouble I 've caused so far , But he knows I can always make him happy With my thong and my cigar . 
  K: If cause causes make then agent of cause is the same as agent of make

759.S: He recounts the story of Sir Thomas More , who chose to be beheaded rather than swear an oath he did not believe . 
  K: If choose causes behead then agent of choose is the same as recipient of behead

760.S: Hyde also introduces his fellow managers and recites their legal credentials . 
  K: If introduce causes recite then agent of introduce is the same as agent of recite

761.S: Outside the Capitol I am accosted by a woman : `` Tell everyone you know to face God this year . 
  K: If know causes face then agent of know is the same as agent of face

762.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

763.S: I sense a mutual attraction -LRB- and I know she is available -RRB- . 
  K: If sense causes know then agent of sense is the same as agent of know

764.S: You are wonderfully thoughtful about looking ahead , but try not to plan things that are , after all , emotional and evolutionary . 
  K: If try causes not plan then agent of try is the same as agent of not plan

765.S: You are pessimistically assuming that because no one has interested you on a permanent basis so far , no one will . 
  K: If interest causes assume then recipient of interest is the same as agent of assume

766.S: You ca n't not try to find out . 
  K: If not try causes find then agent of not try is the same as agent of find

767.S: I want her to move out . 
  K: If want causes move then recipient of want is the same as agent of move

768.S: Was I supposed to tip him ? 
  K: If suppose causes tip then recipient of suppose is the same as agent of tip

769.S: Mod Squad The world has been paying Republican moderates a lot of attention lately , and the moderates are finding it all a bit disorienting . 
  K: If pay causes find then recipient of pay is the same as agent of find

770.S: Actually , once you have installed HP Instant Delivery , you can use it to schedule automatic printouts of any page on the Web -- including other pages of Slate . 
  K: If use causes schedule then recipient of use is the same as agent of schedule

771.S: There are different kinds of artistic neutrality : the nihilist kind that signals `` Nothing matters , so who cares ? 
  K: If signal causes care then recipient of signal is the same as agent of care

772.S: Let 's lay it out and study it . '' 
  K: If lie causes study then agent of lie is the same as agent of study

773.S: Let 's lay it out and study it . '' 
  K: If lie causes study then recipient of lie is the same as recipient of study

774.S: C-3 : Last month the Duma voted to bring back the statue of Feliks Dzerzhinsky , the first head of the Soviet secret police . 
  K: If vote causes bring then agent of vote is the same as agent of bring

775.S: William Shakespeare : When you think of political tragedy , you think immediately of Shakespeare . 
  K: If think causes think then agent of think is the same as agent of think

776.S: That 's a bit like what Clinton seems to be doing now . 
  K: If seem causes do then recipient of seem is the same as agent of do

777.S: And Tom and Daisy are aristocrats ; their miserable behavior is the outgrowth of his having too much money , the one thing Clinton has never had and has never seemed to care much about . 
  K: If never seem causes care then agent of never seem is the same as agent of care

778.S: And Tom and Daisy are aristocrats ; their miserable behavior is the outgrowth of his having too much money , the one thing Clinton has never had and has never seemed to care much about . 
  K: If never seem causes care then agent of never seem is the same as agent of care

779.S: Further discussion ensues , reminiscent of Clinton 's Paula Jones deposition and his grand jury testimony : `` When I use a word , '' Humpty Dumpty said in rather a scornful tone , `` it means just what I choose it to mean -- neither more nor less . '' 
  K: If choose causes mean then recipient of choose is the same as agent of mean

780.S: The accuser phrases the dog-wagging charge obliquely so that he can deny having made it . 
  K: If deny causes make then agent of deny is the same as agent of make

781.S: The accuser implies dog-wagging by saying either a -RRB- he ca n't bring himself to believe Clinton would wag the dog ; or b -RRB- the White House has assured him it 's not so . 
  K: If n't bring causes believe then recipient of n't bring is the same as agent of believe

782.S: Democrats say Republicans who accuse Clinton of wagging the dog are inadvertently aiding and comforting the enemy . 
  K: If aid causes comfort then agent of aid is the same as agent of comfort

783.S: Democrats say Republicans who accuse Clinton of wagging the dog are inadvertently aiding and comforting the enemy . 
  K: If accuse causes comfort then agent of accuse is the same as agent of comfort

784.S: Democrats say Republicans who accuse Clinton of wagging the dog are deliberately aiding and comforting the enemy . 
  K: If aid causes comfort then agent of aid is the same as agent of comfort

785.S: Democrats say Republicans who accuse Clinton of wagging the dog are deliberately aiding and comforting the enemy . 
  K: If accuse causes comfort then agent of accuse is the same as agent of comfort

786.S: While accusing Clinton of invoking the Iraq conflict to delay the impeachment vote , Republicans invoke the Iraq conflict to expedite the impeachment vote . 
  K: If invoke causes delay then recipient of invoke is the same as agent of delay

787.S: While accusing Clinton of invoking the Iraq conflict to delay the impeachment vote , Republicans invoke the Iraq conflict to expedite the impeachment vote . 
  K: If invoke causes expedite then recipient of invoke is the same as agent of expedite

788.S: While accusing Clinton of invoking the Iraq conflict to delay the impeachment vote , Republicans invoke the Iraq conflict to expedite the impeachment vote . 
  K: If delay causes invoke then agent of delay is the same as recipient of invoke

789.S: While accusing Clinton of invoking the Iraq conflict to delay the impeachment vote , Republicans invoke the Iraq conflict to expedite the impeachment vote . 
  K: If invoke causes expedite then recipient of invoke is the same as agent of expedite

790.S: While accusing Clinton of invoking the Iraq conflict to delay the impeachment vote , Republicans invoke the Iraq conflict to expedite the impeachment vote . 
  K: If invoke causes expedite then recipient of invoke is the same as agent of expedite

791.S: But Anthony Hopkins , playing the film 's mad vampire hunter , seems to put more store in chopping off heads than impaling hearts . 
  K: If seem causes put then agent of seem is the same as agent of put

792.S: Lugosi managed to evade this critical issue -- one never sees his teeth at all . 
  K: If manage causes evade then agent of manage is the same as agent of evade

793.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

794.S: Thought you 'd like to know the latest . 
  K: If like causes know then agent of like is the same as agent of know

795.S: It said , `` The party of Lincoln and Eisenhower seems to have been possessed by a zeal which is less ` republican ' or ` conservative ' than Maoist . 
  K: If seem causes possess then agent of seem is the same as recipient of possess

796.S: -LRB- The local shoe factory employs 800 people and makes only 3,000 pairs a year . -RRB- 
  K: If employ causes make then agent of employ is the same as agent of make

797.S: The former congressman and ex-husband of conservative glamour-puss Arianna Huffington says he never liked politics and is glad he lost his Senate race -LRB- on which he dropped $ 30 million -RRB- . 
  K: If never like causes lose then agent of never like is the same as agent of lose

798.S: 4 -RRB- It 's not a miracle or a breakthrough , it 's reckless self-indulgence , because the kids will either die or suffer lifelong medical problems , and society ca n't afford to spend millions of dollars on every preemie . 
  K: If n't afford causes spend then agent of n't afford is the same as agent of spend

799.S: He agreed to hold new elections next spring . 
  K: If agree causes hold then agent of agree is the same as agent of hold

800.S: Democrats tried to bring up a censure resolution , but Republicans ruled that it was n't germane . 
  K: If try causes bring then agent of try is the same as agent of bring

801.S: Democrats , too , lamented his downfall , even as they milked it to illustrate why Clinton should n't be made the next victim of the `` politics of personal destruction . '' 
  K: If milk causes illustrate then recipient of milk is the same as agent of illustrate

802.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

803.S: Many Republicans decided to impeach Clinton to send a message that the law must be obeyed and that the unrepentant president must be punished . 
  K: If decide causes impeach then agent of decide is the same as agent of impeach

804.S: Many Republicans decided to impeach Clinton to send a message that the law must be obeyed and that the unrepentant president must be punished . 
  K: If impeach causes send then recipient of impeach is the same as agent of send

805.S: Already , Republican senators have stipulated that the House has scarred Clinton , that the Senate will never muster the 67 votes to convict him , and that a censure deal should be worked out instead . 
  K: If never muster causes convict then recipient of never muster is the same as agent of convict

806.S: White House aides promptly went on the Sunday talk shows to call the impeachment vote `` partisan '' and `` unfair . '' 
  K: If show causes call then agent of show is the same as agent of call

807.S: They escaped the first backlash by voting to impeach Clinton , and they counted on the Senate to spare them the second backlash by refusing to convict him . 
  K: If count causes spare then agent of count is the same as agent of spare

808.S: They escaped the first backlash by voting to impeach Clinton , and they counted on the Senate to spare them the second backlash by refusing to convict him . 
  K: If count causes spare then agent of count is the same as agent of spare

809.S: They escaped the first backlash by voting to impeach Clinton , and they counted on the Senate to spare them the second backlash by refusing to convict him . 
  K: If escape causes count then agent of escape is the same as agent of count

810.S: They escaped the first backlash by voting to impeach Clinton , and they counted on the Senate to spare them the second backlash by refusing to convict him . 
  K: If count causes spare then agent of count is the same as agent of spare

811.S: Polls suggest that Clinton 's expulsion would shock and infuriate much of the electorate . 
  K: If shock causes infuriate then agent of shock is the same as agent of infuriate

812.S: In voting to impeach him , they shot to wound , not to kill . 
  K: If shoot causes wind then agent of shoot is the same as agent of wind

813.S: He has joined congressional Democrats in urging Livingston to reconsider his decision . 
  K: If urge causes reconsider then recipient of urge is the same as agent of reconsider

814.S: The first report I found to document the effect class has on obesity was a 1965 study of midtown Manhattan residents . 
  K: If find causes document then agent of find is the same as agent of document

815.S: One possibility is that obesity leads to lower income . 
  K: If lead causes lower then agent of lead is the same as agent of lower

816.S: -- Alex Balk `` All items soon to acquire the ` Intel Inside ' logo . '' 
  K: If items causes acquire then agent of items is the same as agent of acquire

817.S: Scary thought : What if she caught a really bad stomach flu and had to be replaced by Brian Dennehy 's ass ! 
  K: If catch causes replace then agent of catch is the same as recipient of replace

818.S: He goes on to suggest that I have become a `` disingenuous cynic '' and have endangered , if not lost , my scholarly reputation . 
  K: If go causes suggest then agent of go is the same as agent of suggest

819.S: He goes on to suggest that I have become a `` disingenuous cynic '' and have endangered , if not lost , my scholarly reputation . 
  K: If suggest causes endanger then agent of suggest is the same as agent of endanger

820.S: There was no reason why I should make that choice except that I thought , and continue to think , Netscape is right . 
  K: If continue causes think then agent of continue is the same as agent of think

821.S: The company 's `` minions '' did n't even know I was writing it until it appeared . 
  K: If appear causes write then agent of appear is the same as recipient of write

822.S: If he chose Microsoft , he got ... nothing . 
  K: If choose causes get then agent of choose is the same as agent of get

823.S: -LRB- If you assume you 're holding an apple and conclude from that you 're holding a fruit , it does n't `` follow '' that if you 're holding an orange you 're not holding a fruit . -RRB- 
  K: If hold causes conclude then agent of hold is the same as agent of conclude

824.S: -LRB- If you assume you 're holding an apple and conclude from that you 're holding a fruit , it does n't `` follow '' that if you 're holding an orange you 're not holding a fruit . -RRB- 
  K: If hold causes hold then agent of hold is the same as agent of hold

825.S: -LRB- If you assume you 're holding an apple and conclude from that you 're holding a fruit , it does n't `` follow '' that if you 're holding an orange you 're not holding a fruit . -RRB- 
  K: If hold causes hold then agent of hold is the same as agent of hold

826.S: -LRB- If you assume you 're holding an apple and conclude from that you 're holding a fruit , it does n't `` follow '' that if you 're holding an orange you 're not holding a fruit . -RRB- 
  K: If conclude causes hold then agent of conclude is the same as agent of hold

827.S: -LRB- If you assume you 're holding an apple and conclude from that you 're holding a fruit , it does n't `` follow '' that if you 're holding an orange you 're not holding a fruit . -RRB- 
  K: If conclude causes hold then agent of conclude is the same as agent of hold

828.S: -LRB- If you assume you 're holding an apple and conclude from that you 're holding a fruit , it does n't `` follow '' that if you 're holding an orange you 're not holding a fruit . -RRB- 
  K: If assume causes conclude then agent of assume is the same as agent of conclude

829.S: -LRB- If you assume you 're holding an apple and conclude from that you 're holding a fruit , it does n't `` follow '' that if you 're holding an orange you 're not holding a fruit . -RRB- 
  K: If hold causes hold then agent of hold is the same as agent of hold

830.S: -LRB- If you assume you 're holding an apple and conclude from that you 're holding a fruit , it does n't `` follow '' that if you 're holding an orange you 're not holding a fruit . -RRB- 
  K: If conclude causes hold then agent of conclude is the same as agent of hold

831.S: The cynical spin : Hun Sen is protecting them to consolidate the power he won through a coup . 
  K: If protect causes consolidate then recipient of protect is the same as agent of consolidate

832.S: 4 -RRB- Seven more crews are preparing to attempt the same feat and , sooner or later , one of them will succeed . 
  K: If prepare causes attempt then agent of prepare is the same as agent of attempt

833.S: Then I asked whether I wanted him to represent us anywhere . 
  K: If want causes represent then recipient of want is the same as agent of represent

834.S: If the framers had wanted to limit us more they could have been more specific . 
  K: If want causes limit then agent of want is the same as agent of limit

835.S: For now we have to set the precedent that presidents of the United States should so behave themselves as to merit the confidence of the world . 
  K: If behave causes merit then recipient of behave is the same as agent of merit

836.S: The Constitution requires a vote of at least two-thirds of the Senate to convict and expel a president . 
  K: If require causes expel then recipient of require is the same as agent of expel

837.S: The Constitution requires a vote of at least two-thirds of the Senate to convict and expel a president . 
  K: If convict causes expel then agent of convict is the same as agent of expel

838.S: Some other woman : The kids , they seemed to be enthralled ! 
  K: If seem causes enthral then agent of seem is the same as recipient of enthral

839.S: It 's hard enough to work out a deal already , pundits observe , given that Democrats want to soften the censure resolution while Republicans want to stiffen it . 
  K: If want causes soften then agent of want is the same as agent of soften

840.S: It 's hard enough to work out a deal already , pundits observe , given that Democrats want to soften the censure resolution while Republicans want to stiffen it . 
  K: If want causes stiffen then agent of want is the same as agent of stiffen

841.S: All he needs is a censure proposal that satisfies 34 Democrats enough to dissuade them from voting to convict him . 
  K: If satisfy causes dissuade then agent of satisfy is the same as agent of dissuade

842.S: This would cause millionaires to eat less cake -LRB- and to quit smoking and to exercise more -RRB- . 
  K: If cause causes eat then recipient of cause is the same as agent of eat

843.S: If you believe that he broke the law , then he must be held accountable . 
  K: If break causes hold then agent of break is the same as recipient of hold

844.S: The chain guarantees that if any item can be found cheaper elsewhere , it will stop carrying it . 
  K: If stop causes carry then agent of stop is the same as recipient of carry

845.S: The chain guarantees that if any item can be found cheaper elsewhere , it will stop carrying it . 
  K: If stop causes carry then agent of stop is the same as recipient of carry

846.S: `` We like to suggest that some of our best customers are unemployed Ph.D. s , '' says Gorski . 
  K: If like causes suggest then agent of like is the same as agent of suggest

847.S: 4 -RRB- Smugness : You may be buying your dad 's chair , but you are not going to play that gender dominance game that he played . 
  K: If buy causes not go then agent of buy is the same as agent of not go

848.S: 4 -RRB- Smugness : You may be buying your dad 's chair , but you are not going to play that gender dominance game that he played . 
  K: If not go causes play then agent of not go is the same as agent of play

849.S: 4 -RRB- Smugness : You may be buying your dad 's chair , but you are not going to play that gender dominance game that he played . 
  K: If not go causes play then agent of not go is the same as agent of play

850.S: If only he 'd known George and Cap were as bothered as he was , Bush said , he would have tried to stop the policy . 
  K: If try causes stop then agent of try is the same as agent of stop

851.S: You never know when they 're going to stop making it '' -RRB- . 
  K: If go causes stop then agent of go is the same as agent of stop

852.S: You ca n't even use it to spy on a nanny , since it has no hidden camera capabilities . 
  K: If n't use causes spy then recipient of n't use is the same as agent of spy

853.S: C ribs : You can spend $ 500 -LRB- or $ 1,000 -RRB- on a crib , or you can spend $ 200 . 
  K: If spend causes spend then agent of spend is the same as agent of spend

854.S: NBA Commissioner David Stern , representing the owners , and union chief Billy Hunter , representing the players , struck a deal one day before the league was expected to cancel the rest of the season . 
  K: If expect causes cancel then recipient of expect is the same as agent of cancel

855.S: 1 -RRB- Elizabeth Dole announced she is leaving the Red Cross and giving `` serious consideration '' to running . 
  K: If leave causes give then agent of leave is the same as agent of give

856.S: Said is quiet on how Palestinians and Israelis can be persuaded even to consider such a reconciliation . 
  K: If persuade causes consider then recipient of persuade is the same as agent of consider

857.S: The miracles must pass a five doctor panel , who seek any possible medical explanation . 
  K: If pass causes seek then recipient of pass is the same as agent of seek

858.S: And you general readers can get a leg up on the stories you 'll want to skip all through 1999 . 
  K: If want causes skip then agent of want is the same as agent of skip

859.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

860.S: Some say a miscast Travolta fails to convey the finer points of his character 's internal struggles . 
  K: If fail causes convey then agent of fail is the same as agent of convey

861.S: Thomas of the Los Angeles Times dissents , praising the film 's `` steady grace '' and `` blithe spirit . '' 
  K: If dissent causes blithe then agent of dissent is the same as agent of blithe

862.S: That observation seems to strengthen Alexander 's position . 
  K: If seem causes strengthen then agent of seem is the same as agent of strengthen

863.S: That way , anyone who sees an accident about to happen will take all cost-justified measures to prevent it -LRB- perhaps by honking furiously to warn of impending danger -RRB- . 
  K: If take causes prevent then recipient of take is the same as agent of prevent

864.S: That 's an outcome that seems both fair and economically efficient : The punishment falls on the sinners and thereby deters the sin . 
  K: If fall causes deter then agent of fall is the same as agent of deter

865.S: I suspect this is just the sort of question the technique of electing presidents was designed to answer . 
  K: If design causes answer then recipient of design is the same as agent of answer

866.S: I 'm sorry that Stein can not decide whether the president 's bombing of Iraq was generated by a wish to divert the nation . 
  K: If generate causes divert then recipient of generate is the same as agent of divert

867.S: Since then they have pulled our plows and borne our loads , But that free servitude still can pierce our hearts . 
  K: If pull causes bear then agent of pull is the same as agent of bear

868.S: No. 169 : `` Eats/Wets '' You chew household objects and drool copiously , and perhaps you defecate or urinate on the floor . 
  K: If chew causes defecate then agent of chew is the same as agent of defecate

869.S: But Staros is ultimately sent packing , and Malick never bothers to trace the effect of his action on the Guadalcanal operation . 
  K: If never bother causes trace then agent of never bother is the same as agent of trace

870.S: But Staros is ultimately sent packing , and Malick never bothers to trace the effect of his action on the Guadalcanal operation . 
  K: If never bother causes trace then agent of never bother is the same as agent of trace

871.S: The sequence has the extra dimension of good journalism : It dramatizes and comments simultaneously . 
  K: If dramatize causes comment then agent of dramatize is the same as agent of comment

872.S: Democrats have tended to assume that Republicans are pursuing the president simply out of loathing . 
  K: If tend causes assume then agent of tend is the same as agent of assume

873.S: Republicans have tended to assume that Democrats are defending him simply out of political expediency . 
  K: If tend causes assume then agent of tend is the same as agent of assume

874.S: What follows is a taxonomy of the Senate , an attempt to classify senators and explain why they 're doing what they 're doing . 
  K: If follow causes do then agent of follow is the same as recipient of do

875.S: So he , too , is backing a quick , witnessless trial to protect his candidates . -RRB- 
  K: If trial causes protect then agent of trial is the same as agent of protect

876.S: But the DPs tend to view Clinton 's failures as moral rather than criminal . 
  K: If tend causes view then agent of tend is the same as agent of view

877.S: Impeachment could `` destabilize the presidency '' and `` degrade the Republic quickly . '' 
  K: If destabilize causes degrade then agent of destabilize is the same as agent of degrade

878.S: Yet it 's not immediately obvious how such stories help you to appreciate what 's hanging on the wall . 
  K: If help causes appreciate then recipient of help is the same as agent of appreciate

879.S: Artists ' lives are often diverting but seldom illuminating . 
  K: If divert causes illuminate then agent of divert is the same as agent of illuminate

880.S: `` If he wants to make a woman , let him make a woman . 
  K: If make causes make then recipient of make is the same as recipient of make

881.S: If he wants to make a design , let him make a design . 
  K: If want causes make then agent of want is the same as agent of make

882.S: Though Rivera did n't , as he claimed , try to assassinate Hitler , he may have got Trotsky murdered , writes Marnham . 
  K: If n't try causes assassinate then agent of n't try is the same as agent of assassinate

883.S: Gibson chronicles his long degradation but ca n't begin to explain it . 
  K: If chronicle causes n't begin then agent of chronicle is the same as agent of n't begin

884.S: Gibson chronicles his long degradation but ca n't begin to explain it . 
  K: If n't begin causes explain then agent of n't begin is the same as agent of explain

885.S: Wednesday 's question -LRB- No. 169 -RRB- -- `` Eats/Wets '' : You chew household objects and drool copiously , and perhaps you defecate or urinate on the floor . 
  K: If chew causes urinate then agent of chew is the same as agent of urinate

886.S: Virtually Metaphoric Extra Which of the following is meant literally , and which is meant figuratively ? 
  K: If mean causes mean then recipient of mean is the same as recipient of mean

887.S: ... And the Sun would dearly love to know the secret of his pulling power . '' 
  K: If love causes know then agent of love is the same as agent of know

888.S: It said , `` An uncomfortable pattern is beginning to emerge . 
  K: If begin causes emerge then agent of begin is the same as agent of emerge

889.S: The big Democratic story is that House Minority Leader Dick Gephardt is reportedly planning to skip the race as well , focusing instead on winning back the House and becoming speaker . 
  K: If plan causes focus then agent of plan is the same as agent of focus

890.S: The big Democratic story is that House Minority Leader Dick Gephardt is reportedly planning to skip the race as well , focusing instead on winning back the House and becoming speaker . 
  K: If skip causes focus then agent of skip is the same as agent of focus

891.S: He said he was physically fit but mentally `` exhausted . '' 
  K: If say causes exhaust then agent of say is the same as agent of exhaust

892.S: She also says he knew of her plans to have an abortion and did n't try to dissuade her . 
  K: If n't try causes dissuade then agent of n't try is the same as agent of dissuade

893.S: She also says he knew of her plans to have an abortion and did n't try to dissuade her . 
  K: If n't try causes dissuade then agent of n't try is the same as agent of dissuade

894.S: His welfare reform and balanced budget not only shrank government but also encouraged Americans to believe that it could work . 
  K: If encourage causes believe then recipient of encourage is the same as agent of believe

895.S: Brothers and fathers murder women who have been raped or have had sexual affairs because their honor has been sullied . 
  K: If sully causes rape then recipient of sully is the same as recipient of rape

896.S: U.S. News examines mostly public and Catholic schools , because independent private schools refused to participate . 
  K: If refuse causes participate then agent of refuse is the same as agent of participate

897.S: He also gave away National Security Agency planning documents that allowed the Israelis to conduct military operations without U.S. detection . 
  K: If allow causes conduct then recipient of allow is the same as agent of conduct

898.S: Better to take the bitter medicine now -- to let unemployment rise , to force companies to purge themselves of redundant capacity -- than to postpone the day of reckoning . 
  K: If take causes postpone then recipient of take is the same as agent of postpone

899.S: Better to take the bitter medicine now -- to let unemployment rise , to force companies to purge themselves of redundant capacity -- than to postpone the day of reckoning . 
  K: If force causes purge then recipient of force is the same as agent of purge

900.S: Better to take the bitter medicine now -- to let unemployment rise , to force companies to purge themselves of redundant capacity -- than to postpone the day of reckoning . 
  K: If force causes purge then recipient of force is the same as agent of purge

901.S: Skidelsky 's book , believe it or not , is actually quite absorbing : Although he was an economist , Keynes led an interesting life -- though , to tell the truth , what I personally found myself envying was the way he managed to change the world without having to visit quite so much of it . 
  K: If manage causes change then agent of manage is the same as agent of change

902.S: Billy Crudup -LRB- as Harrelson 's best friend and business partner -RRB- is stiff , and Patricia Arquette , playing the object of both their desires , fails to generate the heat her temptress-extraordinaire part requires . 
  K: If fail causes generate then agent of fail is the same as agent of generate

903.S: Who wants to hear that inane chitchat ? 
  K: If want causes hear then agent of want is the same as agent of hear

904.S: I 'll try to overcome it . 
  K: If try causes overcome then agent of try is the same as agent of overcome

905.S: Finally , Democrats want to underscore the constitutional costs of Clinton 's conviction , while Republicans want to underscore the social costs of his acquittal . 
  K: If want causes underscore then agent of want is the same as agent of underscore

906.S: Finally , Democrats want to underscore the constitutional costs of Clinton 's conviction , while Republicans want to underscore the social costs of his acquittal . 
  K: If want causes underscore then agent of want is the same as agent of underscore

907.S: Its purpose is to abort the censure movement before the censure movement aborts the trial . 
  K: If abort causes abort then recipient of abort is the same as agent of abort

908.S: The argument is that the Constitution authorizes the Senate to vote only on conviction , not on censure . 
  K: If authorize causes not vote then recipient of authorize is the same as agent of not vote

909.S: This all-purpose Republican frame posits that the Senate is Clinton 's jury and should behave accordingly . 
  K: If posit causes behave then agent of posit is the same as agent of behave

910.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

911.S: We were both apologetic , and the hostess seems to have forgiven us but , Prudence : 1 -RRB- What 's the best way to try removing the stain ? 
  K: If seem causes forgive then agent of seem is the same as agent of forgive

912.S: He tells me that I need to `` double up '' on his gift . 
  K: If need causes double then agent of need is the same as agent of double

913.S: -- Old and Tired of Hassle Dear Old , The beneficiary family seems to be proving the old adage : No good deed goes unpunished . 
  K: If seem causes prove then agent of seem is the same as agent of prove

914.S: This establishment provides four bistro tables , which obviously fill up quickly on weekends . 
  K: If provide causes fill then recipient of provide is the same as agent of fill

915.S: I 'm afraid he appears not to be the type I would approach to suggest sharing a table , though this issue is not under my control , as he comes in shortly after I do . 
  K: If approach causes suggest then agent of approach is the same as agent of suggest

916.S: -- Kick Me , Northwest of Boston Dear Kick , Prudie 's instinct is yours : An unknown threesome would not be the group with whom I 'd want to share Sunday breakfast . 
  K: If want causes share then recipient of want is the same as agent of share

917.S: I suppose witnesses will have to be called to decide this . 
  K: If call causes decide then recipient of call is the same as agent of decide

918.S: Monday she ended her political career , announcing she would not seek a third term . 
  K: If end causes not seek then agent of end is the same as agent of not seek

919.S: Nobody was supposed to get hurt . 
  K: If suppose causes hurt then recipient of suppose is the same as recipient of hurt

920.S: I do n't mean to imply that Brokaw 's book is all drivel . 
  K: If n't mean causes imply then agent of n't mean is the same as agent of imply

921.S: I 'm tempted to say that Brokaw never met my Uncle Stanley . 
  K: If tempt causes say then recipient of tempt is the same as agent of say

922.S: Others protested and did n't serve . 
  K: If protest causes n't serve then agent of protest is the same as agent of n't serve

923.S: Grainy , home-movielike flashbacks show Coburn taunting the boy for being a sissy and then beating him senseless when he tries to fight back . 
  K: If try causes fight then agent of try is the same as agent of fight

924.S: `` Someday I 'm gon na bite back . '' 
  K: If gon causes bite then agent of gon is the same as agent of bite

925.S: It features frozen landscapes , gray skies , mud-spattered cars , and long , protracted shots of people walking in and out of buildings that seem to have turned themselves inward to escape the cold . 
  K: If inward causes escape then agent of inward is the same as agent of escape

926.S: But what sinks The Hi-Lo Country is Patricia Arquette 's Mona , who 's supposed to convey sleepy sensuality but seems merely to be on Quaaludes . 
  K: If suppose causes convey then recipient of suppose is the same as agent of convey

927.S: If you can read this , you 're too Hispanic . 
  K: If read causes 're then agent of read is the same as agent of 're

928.S: The INS invites you to enjoy fishing and swimming here ! '' 
  K: If invite causes enjoy then recipient of invite is the same as agent of enjoy

929.S: Informed of the problem , Robert Vanderslice , head of the Rhode Island Department of Health , swiftly ordered an interagency urban rivers team to post the bilingual signs , put on a slide show , and hand out brochures . 
  K: If order causes post then recipient of order is the same as agent of post

930.S: `` They have shown themselves to be ready to tolerate serious malpractice rather than allow the unification of Europe to be impeded . '' 
  K: If allow causes impede then recipient of allow is the same as recipient of impede

931.S: Instead of indulgence , 40-year-old fashion seems to need taming . 
  K: If seem causes need then agent of seem is the same as agent of need

932.S: Nobody ever wanted to emulate this effect ; it was hers alone . 
  K: If want causes emulate then agent of want is the same as agent of emulate

933.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

934.S: The next day , however , she proceeded to call everyone and repeat the story -- only her version was different from what happened . 
  K: If proceed causes call then agent of proceed is the same as agent of call

935.S: My question is : Should I wait for her to respond or go ahead and call to initiate the conversation ? 
  K: If respond causes call then agent of respond is the same as agent of call

936.S: My question is : Should I wait for her to respond or go ahead and call to initiate the conversation ? 
  K: If call causes initiate then agent of call is the same as agent of initiate

937.S: My question is : Should I wait for her to respond or go ahead and call to initiate the conversation ? 
  K: If call causes initiate then agent of call is the same as agent of initiate

938.S: My question is : Should I wait for her to respond or go ahead and call to initiate the conversation ? 
  K: If call causes initiate then agent of call is the same as agent of initiate

939.S: My question is : Should I wait for her to respond or go ahead and call to initiate the conversation ? 
  K: If call causes initiate then agent of call is the same as agent of initiate

940.S: -- Prudie , agreeably Dear Prudie , First , I would like to say that I really enjoy your column . 
  K: If like causes say then agent of like is the same as agent of say

941.S: Not only do you seem to invariably draw interesting and pertinent questions , but also your advice is , more often than not , that which I would want to hear or would give if they asked me . 
  K: If want causes hear then recipient of want is the same as agent of hear

942.S: Should I let the `` adults '' work this out among themselves , or should I try to mediate ? 
  K: If try causes mediate then agent of try is the same as agent of mediate

943.S: Should I let the `` adults '' work this out among themselves , or should I try to mediate ? 
  K: If let causes try then agent of let is the same as agent of try

944.S: Should I let the `` adults '' work this out among themselves , or should I try to mediate ? 
  K: If try causes mediate then agent of try is the same as agent of mediate

945.S: You might want to wait until she feels the time is right for setting up the in-law connection . 
  K: If want causes wait then agent of want is the same as agent of wait

946.S: Having attended an English middle school -LRB- fully English -- no other language -RRB- I spoke English very fluently , and my composition and comprehension were so good that I won the district essay contest . 
  K: If speak causes win then agent of speak is the same as agent of win

947.S: Republicans oohed and aahed over Clinton 's rhetorical prowess . 
  K: If ooh causes aah then agent of ooh is the same as agent of aah

948.S: When two NATO generals tried to schedule a meeting to tell Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic to stop the assaults , Yugoslav officials said Milosevic was too busy to see them . 
  K: If try causes schedule then agent of try is the same as agent of schedule

949.S: When two NATO generals tried to schedule a meeting to tell Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic to stop the assaults , Yugoslav officials said Milosevic was too busy to see them . 
  K: If tell causes stop then recipient of tell is the same as agent of stop

950.S: The 8-year-old study says 59 percent of a sample of college students think oral sex does n't constitute `` having sex . '' 
  K: If n't constitute causes have then agent of n't constitute is the same as recipient of have

951.S: The paper added that Moscow is now preparing to publicly accuse Washington of defamation . 
  K: If prepare causes accuse then agent of prepare is the same as agent of accuse

952.S: The United States and most of Africa support the rebels but do n't care enough to intervene . 
  K: If support causes n't care then agent of support is the same as agent of n't care

953.S: When judgment day came on May 16 , Johnson survived by a vote of 35-19 , one shy of the two-thirds needed to convict . 
  K: If need causes convict then agent of need is the same as agent of convict

954.S: On July 1 , he asked Johnson to make his brother a federal mail agent . 
  K: If ask causes make then recipient of ask is the same as agent of make

955.S: Harkin was distorting Rehnquist 's ruling into an affirmation that senators could reach beyond the facts and the law to consider `` the public good . '' 
  K: If reach causes consider then agent of reach is the same as agent of consider

956.S: `` Spending more money the same way is n't going to fix anything , '' he says , criticizing what he calls `` Versailles on the Potomac . '' 
  K: If n't go causes fix then agent of n't go is the same as agent of fix

957.S: Math achievement did show significant improvement , especially for fourth - and eighth-graders , but three-quarters of the fourth - , eighth - , and 12 th - graders surveyed continued not to meet the goals panel 's math performance standard . 
  K: If continue causes not meet then agent of continue is the same as agent of not meet

958.S: Nor did the Democratic lawmakers who cheered and embraced him . 
  K: If cheer causes embrace then agent of cheer is the same as agent of embrace

959.S: Democrats used to embrace `` working people '' while Republicans embraced `` family values . '' 
  K: If use causes embrace then agent of use is the same as agent of embrace

960.S: Republicans use the F word to affirm conservative principles such as chastity , maternity , and homemaking . 
  K: If use causes affirm then recipient of use is the same as agent of affirm

961.S: Clinton uses it to renovate or even reverse those principles . 
  K: If use causes renovate then recipient of use is the same as agent of renovate

962.S: Liberal Democrats draw the same distinction but take the opposite positions . 
  K: If draw causes take then agent of draw is the same as agent of take

963.S: -LRB- I have no problem at all with it being used to describe Muhammad Ali . -RRB- 
  K: If use causes describe then recipient of use is the same as agent of describe

964.S: When the worst is over , at least 144,000 Jews will make it , possibly many more , though they 'll all have to convert to pass muster . 
  K: If convert causes pass then agent of convert is the same as agent of pass

965.S: If they really believe this , of course they should n't sit there respectfully and applaud the items they approve of on his endless wish list . 
  K: If believe causes approve then agent of believe is the same as agent of approve

966.S: But suppose I pay you to take care of my kids and you pay me to take care of yours . 
  K: If pay causes take then recipient of pay is the same as agent of take

967.S: But suppose I pay you to take care of my kids and you pay me to take care of yours . 
  K: If pay causes take then recipient of pay is the same as agent of take

968.S: But suppose I pay you to take care of my kids and you pay me to take care of yours . 
  K: If take causes take then recipient of take is the same as recipient of take

969.S: But suppose I pay you to take care of my kids and you pay me to take care of yours . 
  K: If pay causes take then recipient of pay is the same as agent of take

970.S: But suppose I pay you to take care of my kids and you pay me to take care of yours . 
  K: If pay causes take then recipient of pay is the same as agent of take

971.S: But if you bank that $ 100,000 and use the interest to pay rent , you have to pay income tax on the interest . 
  K: If bank causes pay then agent of bank is the same as agent of pay

972.S: And they 'll kiss him and hug him and lift him on high . '' 
  K: If kiss causes lift then recipient of kiss is the same as recipient of lift

973.S: And they 'll kiss him and hug him and lift him on high . '' 
  K: If hug causes lift then recipient of hug is the same as recipient of lift

974.S: `` His effort to regain prestige and recover the cohesion of an administration damaged by the impeachment process must have been at least temporarily successful , '' the paper said , adding that it is likely that he will continue to conduct an aggressive foreign policy . 
  K: If continue causes conduct then agent of continue is the same as agent of conduct

975.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

976.S: If he gets wind of our plans , he 'll turn up to meet us . 
  K: If get causes meet then agent of get is the same as agent of meet

977.S: If he has n't overheard anything , he 'll simply tag along with one of us all day until lunch or dinner or whatever . 
  K: If n't overhear causes tag then agent of n't overhear is the same as agent of tag

978.S: We have attempted to gently give Moe the message that he 's not welcome unless invited , but it just bounces off Moe 's tact-proof armor . 
  K: If give causes attempt then agent of give is the same as agent of attempt

979.S: We 'd like to achieve this without actually being forced to tell him to **** off , but we 're nearing our rope 's end . 
  K: If tell causes **** then recipient of tell is the same as agent of ****

980.S: We 'd like to achieve this without actually being forced to tell him to **** off , but we 're nearing our rope 's end . 
  K: If like causes achieve then agent of like is the same as agent of achieve

981.S: We 'd like to achieve this without actually being forced to tell him to **** off , but we 're nearing our rope 's end . 
  K: If achieve causes near then agent of achieve is the same as agent of near

982.S: -LRB- It is , alas , poor manners to ever tell anyone to **** off . -RRB- 
  K: If tell causes **** then recipient of tell is the same as agent of ****

983.S: If I tell him how I really feel , I fear he will want to end everything . 
  K: If want causes end then agent of want is the same as agent of end

984.S: If I tell him how I really feel , I fear he will want to end everything . 
  K: If want causes end then agent of want is the same as agent of end

985.S: When you ` fess up -LRB- and your friend may already have figured things out -RRB- , you might ask if there is any reciprocal inclination . 
  K: If fess causes ask then agent of fess is the same as agent of ask

986.S: Everyone expects him to die soon . 
  K: If expect causes die then recipient of expect is the same as agent of die

987.S: 4 -RRB- Howard resigned because although his remark bore no racist intent , he had failed to consider how it would be perceived . 
  K: If fail causes consider then agent of fail is the same as agent of consider

988.S: 4 -RRB- Howard resigned because although his remark bore no racist intent , he had failed to consider how it would be perceived . 
  K: If fail causes consider then agent of fail is the same as agent of consider

989.S: 4 -RRB- It 's political correctness gridlock , because Howard is gay , and gay activists are now pressuring Williams to rehire him . 
  K: If pressure causes rehire then recipient of pressure is the same as agent of rehire

990.S: The murderer , Darrell Mease , was scheduled to die Feb. 10 . 
  K: If schedule causes die then recipient of schedule is the same as agent of die

991.S: While visiting St. Louis this week , the pope asked Carnahan to spare him . 
  K: If ask causes spare then recipient of ask is the same as agent of spare

992.S: The superficial analysis is that the court struck down sampling and hurt the Democrats . 
  K: If strike causes hurt then agent of strike is the same as agent of hurt

993.S: The quake killed at least 700 people and left at least 180,000 without homes . 
  K: If kill causes leave then agent of kill is the same as agent of leave

994.S: 2 -RRB- The IOC wo n't really be cleaned up until embarrassed corporate sponsors threaten to pull out . 
  K: If threaten causes pull then agent of threaten is the same as agent of pull

995.S: Newsweek calculates the bottom line on the president 's plan to save Social Security : It promises away a full 151 percent of the projected budget surplus , and would create a shortfall of $ 2.3 trillion . 
  K: If promise causes create then agent of promise is the same as agent of create

996.S: ... Newsweek 's cover story says the labor shortage is emboldening and transforming the American work force . 
  K: If embolden causes transform then agent of embolden is the same as agent of transform

997.S: But Time suggests that even these bold quasientrepreneurs need to commiserate around the water cooler . 
  K: If need causes commiserate then agent of need is the same as agent of commiserate

998.S: Competitors disdain its lowbrow tone but nurse a bad case of circulation envy . 
  K: If disdain causes nurse then agent of disdain is the same as agent of nurse

999.S: But Egypt 's Al Gomhoureya commented that Saddam should blame himself for wasting Iraq 's oil wealth on devastating wars , instead of using it to build an advanced society . 
  K: If use causes build then recipient of use is the same as agent of build

1000.S: But Egypt 's Al Gomhoureya commented that Saddam should blame himself for wasting Iraq 's oil wealth on devastating wars , instead of using it to build an advanced society . 
  K: If use causes build then recipient of use is the same as agent of build

1001.S: But Egypt 's Al Gomhoureya commented that Saddam should blame himself for wasting Iraq 's oil wealth on devastating wars , instead of using it to build an advanced society . 
  K: If use causes build then recipient of use is the same as agent of build

1002.S: On the other hand , those who encourage us to forget the past are usually Gen. Augusto Pinochet . 
  K: If encourage causes forget then recipient of encourage is the same as agent of forget

1003.S: Anyone who understands bureaucracies should know that the way to get a cushy job is n't to make yourself desirable but to make yourself undesirable . 
  K: If make causes make then agent of make is the same as agent of make

1004.S: Anyone who understands bureaucracies should know that the way to get a cushy job is n't to make yourself desirable but to make yourself undesirable . 
  K: If understand causes make then agent of understand is the same as agent of make

1005.S: Writing one is among the tasks Tripp is being paid to perform now . 
  K: If pay causes perform then recipient of pay is the same as agent of perform

1006.S: Where else could you pull down over $ 90,000 and live such a deadline-free existence ? 
  K: If pull causes live then agent of pull is the same as agent of live

1007.S: Anyone who has seen Cassavetes ' film can imagine Lumet 's and save eight bucks '' -LRB- Los Angeles Times -RRB- . 
  K: If imagine causes save then agent of imagine is the same as agent of save

1008.S: Anyone who has seen Cassavetes ' film can imagine Lumet 's and save eight bucks '' -LRB- Los Angeles Times -RRB- . 
  K: If see causes save then agent of see is the same as agent of save

1009.S: Last week , as it became increasingly obvious that this argument would n't persuade 67 senators to expel Clinton -- and might not even persuade 51 senators to let witnesses be called -- the House Republicans changed their tune . 
  K: If n't persuade causes expel then recipient of n't persuade is the same as agent of expel

1010.S: Last week , as it became increasingly obvious that this argument would n't persuade 67 senators to expel Clinton -- and might not even persuade 51 senators to let witnesses be called -- the House Republicans changed their tune . 
  K: If not persuade causes let then recipient of not persuade is the same as agent of let

1011.S: They began to argue that the Senate should call witnesses and complete the trial not necessarily because Clinton deserved to be removed but because the Senate owed the House a full hearing . 
  K: If deserve causes remove then agent of deserve is the same as recipient of remove

1012.S: They began to argue that the Senate should call witnesses and complete the trial not necessarily because Clinton deserved to be removed but because the Senate owed the House a full hearing . 
  K: If deserve causes remove then agent of deserve is the same as recipient of remove

1013.S: They began to argue that the Senate should call witnesses and complete the trial not necessarily because Clinton deserved to be removed but because the Senate owed the House a full hearing . 
  K: If deserve causes remove then agent of deserve is the same as recipient of remove

1014.S: They began to argue that the Senate should call witnesses and complete the trial not necessarily because Clinton deserved to be removed but because the Senate owed the House a full hearing . 
  K: If begin causes argue then agent of begin is the same as agent of argue

1015.S: Several Republican senators agreed that `` fairness '' required the Senate to let the House managers `` make their case '' by calling witnesses . 
  K: If require causes let then recipient of require is the same as agent of let

1016.S: He fails to grant black college students the same assumption he might grant whites -- that affluent Freaknik partiers are a small subset of college students . 
  K: If fail causes grant then agent of fail is the same as agent of grant

1017.S: Lavrov has said he would continue to insist on Butler 's resignation because he did n't have the confidence of a majority of Security Council members . 
  K: If continue causes insist then agent of continue is the same as agent of insist

1018.S: Others besides Clinton have called on young people to perform a period of national service , in or out of the military . 
  K: If call causes perform then agent of call is the same as agent of perform

1019.S: Monica the Marine ai n't gon na happen . 
  K: If n't gon causes happen then agent of n't gon is the same as agent of happen

1020.S: Not only is she forced to dance whenever Starr pulls the strings on her immunity agreement , but it is difficult to see how and when she can resume a normal life . 
  K: If force causes dance then recipient of force is the same as agent of dance

1021.S: Not only is she forced to dance whenever Starr pulls the strings on her immunity agreement , but it is difficult to see how and when she can resume a normal life . 
  K: If dance causes resume then agent of dance is the same as agent of resume

1022.S: I want to make a full and complete statement . 
  K: If want causes make then agent of want is the same as agent of make

1023.S: But he also refused to apologize and defended his choice . 
  K: If refuse causes defend then agent of refuse is the same as agent of defend

1024.S: But he also refused to apologize and defended his choice . 
  K: If apologize causes defend then agent of apologize is the same as agent of defend

1025.S: Many talented musicians are unstable ; the wonder is how they also manage to be so disciplined . 
  K: If manage causes discipline then agent of manage is the same as recipient of discipline

1026.S: Once upon a time both he -- and the audience -- would be trying to peek up her short skirt . 
  K: If try causes peek then agent of try is the same as agent of peek

1027.S: All of these measures together will not cause the ghettos to disappear . 
  K: If not cause causes disappear then recipient of not cause is the same as agent of disappear

1028.S: To accomplish this , a strategy would need to focus on crime and schools . 
  K: If need causes focus then agent of need is the same as agent of focus

1029.S: There were even days when I would wake up and think , ` Please God , let me die . ' '' 
  K: If wake causes think then agent of wake is the same as agent of think

1030.S: Jordan 's King Hussein has gone home to die . 
  K: If go causes die then agent of go is the same as agent of die

1031.S: He left the Mayo Clinic after his body rejected a bone marrow transplant -LRB- to stave off cancer -RRB- and his organs began to fail . 
  K: If begin causes fail then agent of begin is the same as agent of fail

1032.S: He left the Mayo Clinic after his body rejected a bone marrow transplant -LRB- to stave off cancer -RRB- and his organs began to fail . 
  K: If begin causes fail then agent of begin is the same as agent of fail

1033.S: He left the Mayo Clinic after his body rejected a bone marrow transplant -LRB- to stave off cancer -RRB- and his organs began to fail . 
  K: If begin causes fail then agent of begin is the same as agent of fail

1034.S: -LRB- 2/5/99 -RRB- Washington , D.C. , Mayor Anthony Williams decided to rehire a white aide who had resigned for using the word `` niggardly . '' 
  K: If decide causes rehire then agent of decide is the same as agent of rehire

1035.S: ... I used to think it would be great if we could all be colorblind . 
  K: If use causes think then agent of use is the same as agent of think

1036.S: The spins : 1 -RRB- The Clintons are good parents who are trying to protect their daughter . 
  K: If try causes protect then agent of try is the same as agent of protect

1037.S: Clinton calls his budget `` progressive but prudent . '' 
  K: If call causes prudent then agent of call is the same as agent of prudent

1038.S: 2 -RRB- No , the only reason he had said the Antichrist must be Jewish is that Jesus was Jewish , and the Antichrist is supposed to resemble Jesus . 
  K: If suppose causes resemble then recipient of suppose is the same as agent of resemble

1039.S: The magazine 's less than revelatory insights : The president wo n't accomplish much this term , the Constitution will survive , and `` consensual sex will continue to be tolerated . '' 
  K: If continue causes tolerate then agent of continue is the same as recipient of tolerate

1040.S: Time 's cover story celebrates `` Hip-Hop Nation '' and chronicles the genre 's 20 year rise . 
  K: If celebrate causes chronicle then agent of celebrate is the same as agent of chronicle

1041.S: The state can no longer even afford to pay Lenin 's embalmers . 
  K: If afford causes pay then agent of afford is the same as agent of pay

1042.S: Please indicate how you wish your letter to be signed , preferably including your location . 
  K: If wish causes sign then recipient of wish is the same as recipient of sign

1043.S: Feral dogs have been known to attack the homeless and their food supplies ! 
  K: If know causes attack then recipient of know is the same as agent of attack

1044.S: Personally , I like to say , `` It 's good to see you '' -LRB- when it is -RRB- . 
  K: If like causes say then agent of like is the same as agent of say

1045.S: -- Greg Diamond `` Why would Michael Flatley threaten to perform an all-nude version of Riverdance ? '' 
  K: If threaten causes perform then agent of threaten is the same as agent of perform

1046.S: Or maybe he should switch to chamomile tea . 
  K: If switch causes chamomile then agent of switch is the same as agent of chamomile

1047.S: Starr 's reappearance is just what Clinton needed to escape punishment entirely . 
  K: If need causes escape then agent of need is the same as agent of escape

1048.S: By leaving Clinton alone onstage , his enemies forced Congress and the press to confront his shameful conduct . 
  K: If force causes confront then recipient of force is the same as agent of confront

1049.S: She wants to overturn the sport 's new scoring system . 
  K: If want causes overturn then agent of want is the same as agent of overturn

1050.S: I have n't studied the issue closely enough to take a firm stand but , based on what I 've seen , my money is on Loosemore . 
  K: If n't study causes take then agent of n't study is the same as agent of take

1051.S: Apparently Hollywood really does want to acknowledge that Kazan did the right thing all those years ago . 
  K: If want causes acknowledge then agent of want is the same as agent of acknowledge

1052.S: I ca n't help but wonder if Shuger thought to ask himself a few simple questions before launching his attack -- questions such as , did Tripp ask to be moved to her current job ? 
  K: If think causes ask then agent of think is the same as agent of ask

1053.S: Was it her idea that she be placed on `` leave '' and sent home to `` work '' ? 
  K: If place causes work then recipient of place is the same as agent of work

1054.S: Was it her idea that she be placed on `` leave '' and sent home to `` work '' ? 
  K: If send causes work then recipient of send is the same as agent of work

1055.S: It 's better to lie and be nice than to tell the truth and be mean . 
  K: If lie causes mean then agent of lie is the same as agent of mean

1056.S: It 's better to lie and be nice than to tell the truth and be mean . 
  K: If tell causes mean then agent of tell is the same as agent of mean

1057.S: Should she read Ford 's The Good Soldier , or should she stop being a coward and salute Bill Clinton 's good soldier ? 
  K: If read causes salute then agent of read is the same as agent of salute

1058.S: They were both sobbing and screaming . 
  K: If sob causes scream then agent of sob is the same as agent of scream

1059.S: She is apparently using him to hone her maternal skills , though . 
  K: If use causes hone then recipient of use is the same as agent of hone

1060.S: Jagger , according to the Star , begged Hall to reconsider and promised , again , never to be unfaithful again . 
  K: If beg causes reconsider then recipient of beg is the same as agent of reconsider

1061.S: Which just goes to show you how much power that has , let me tell you . 
  K: If go causes show then agent of go is the same as agent of show

1062.S: How , I repeat , are we supposed to take Max ? 
  K: If suppose causes take then recipient of suppose is the same as agent of take

1063.S: Market secrecy tends to break down , because sellers have to reveal their prices if their competitors do . 
  K: If tend causes break then agent of tend is the same as agent of break

1064.S: Art dealers seldom advertise prices and sometimes wo n't even quote them if they 're not convinced a buyer is on the hook . 
  K: If advertise causes n't quote then agent of advertise is the same as agent of n't quote

1065.S: Neuendorf says he wants to challenge the way the art business works directly . 
  K: If want causes challenge then agent of want is the same as agent of challenge

1066.S: `` If you wanted to set up a system to keep people away from buying art , it would be very close to what we have now . '' 
  K: If want causes set then agent of want is the same as agent of set

1067.S: They are about what really galls and worries Republicans as they approach the trial 's certain demise : They have lost the struggle to give the facts meaning and authority , which are ultimately decided by public opinion . 
  K: If give causes decide then recipient of give is the same as recipient of decide

1068.S: Fearful that Republicans will unilaterally dictate the resolution 's language , Democrats refuse to consider it , preferring to end the trial and then debate a censure resolution under normal Senate rules , which would give Democrats the protective power of the filibuster . 
  K: If refuse causes consider then agent of refuse is the same as agent of consider

1069.S: And fearful that Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr will use a findings resolution to bolster an indictment of Clinton , Democrats refuse to supply the ammunition . 
  K: If use causes bolster then recipient of use is the same as agent of bolster

1070.S: And fearful that Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr will use a findings resolution to bolster an indictment of Clinton , Democrats refuse to supply the ammunition . 
  K: If refuse causes supply then agent of refuse is the same as agent of supply

1071.S: And fearful that Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr will use a findings resolution to bolster an indictment of Clinton , Democrats refuse to supply the ammunition . 
  K: If refuse causes supply then agent of refuse is the same as agent of supply

1072.S: So the findings resolution has quickly become the victim of the partisan skepticism it was supposed to overcome . 
  K: If suppose causes overcome then recipient of suppose is the same as agent of overcome

1073.S: Instead , Senate Republicans continue to antagonize Democrats gratuitously . 
  K: If continue causes antagonize then agent of continue is the same as agent of antagonize

1074.S: Because Mommy and Daddy do n't want to send you a great big file if you 're not going to want it . 
  K: If not go causes want then agent of not go is the same as agent of want

1075.S: Because Mommy and Daddy do n't want to send you a great big file if you 're not going to want it . 
  K: If n't want causes send then agent of n't want is the same as agent of send

1076.S: Many readers did raise a good question : Why does n't the Slate on Paper file allow you to choose which articles you wish to print out instead of all or nothing at all ? 
  K: If allow causes choose then recipient of allow is the same as agent of choose

1077.S: Many readers did raise a good question : Why does n't the Slate on Paper file allow you to choose which articles you wish to print out instead of all or nothing at all ? 
  K: If wish causes print then recipient of wish is the same as agent of print

1078.S: Nevertheless , if you use the Microsoft Word version of Slate on Paper -LRB- we also offer an Adobe Acrobat version -RRB- a couple of Word 's features can help you to print out just the articles you want . 
  K: If help causes print then recipient of help is the same as agent of print

1079.S: If you click once on the plus sign , you have selected that department . 
  K: If click causes select then agent of click is the same as agent of select

1080.S: Or you can select and delete all the articles you do n't want and print the whole remaining document . 
  K: If n't want causes print then agent of n't want is the same as agent of print

1081.S: Or you can select and delete all the articles you do n't want and print the whole remaining document . 
  K: If delete causes print then agent of delete is the same as agent of print

1082.S: Or you can select and delete all the articles you do n't want and print the whole remaining document . 
  K: If select causes print then agent of select is the same as agent of print

1083.S: ... This means that Mr Samaranch must resign now to allow a reformist leader to restore the shattered ideals of the IOC . '' 
  K: If resign causes allow then agent of resign is the same as agent of allow

1084.S: ... This means that Mr Samaranch must resign now to allow a reformist leader to restore the shattered ideals of the IOC . '' 
  K: If allow causes restore then recipient of allow is the same as agent of restore

1085.S: If I could bottle it myself and sell it I 'd be a millionaire , but since it 's already on the market , the advice is free . 
  K: If bottle causes sell then agent of bottle is the same as agent of sell

1086.S: ... A writer examines suicide notes to investigate why people kill themselves . 
  K: If examine causes investigate then recipient of examine is the same as agent of investigate

1087.S: Bryant is trying to force Lewinsky to affirm the two parts of his question -- `` affidavit '' and `` cover stories '' -- together . 
  K: If try causes force then agent of try is the same as agent of force

1088.S: Bryant is trying to force Lewinsky to affirm the two parts of his question -- `` affidavit '' and `` cover stories '' -- together . 
  K: If force causes affirm then recipient of force is the same as agent of affirm

1089.S: But she refuses to give him a yes or no . 
  K: If refuse causes give then agent of refuse is the same as agent of give

1090.S: `` Why would you have wanted to avoid testifying ? '' 
  K: If want causes avoid then agent of want is the same as agent of avoid

1091.S: So Bryant tries to coax Lewinsky , the best available eyewitness , to infer Clinton 's motives based on their conversations . 
  K: If try causes coax then agent of try is the same as agent of coax

1092.S: So Bryant tries to coax Lewinsky , the best available eyewitness , to infer Clinton 's motives based on their conversations . 
  K: If coax causes infer then recipient of coax is the same as agent of infer

1093.S: Again , she refuses to speculate . 
  K: If refuse causes speculate then agent of refuse is the same as agent of speculate

1094.S: Clinton never told her how to confound his investigators . 
  K: If never tell causes confound then recipient of never tell is the same as agent of confound

1095.S: He was wrong : Brazil eventually worked its way out of the debt crisis and even became a favorite of foreign investors . 
  K: If work causes become then agent of work is the same as agent of become

1096.S: As late as last summer , things still seemed to be going pretty well . 
  K: If seem causes go then agent of seem is the same as agent of go

1097.S: Five years ago it introduced a new currency , the real , and promised to avoid the inflationary excesses of the past . 
  K: If promise causes avoid then agent of promise is the same as agent of avoid

1098.S: Then , over the weekend , Washington officials convinced Brazil to raise interest rates . 
  K: If convince causes raise then recipient of convince is the same as agent of raise

1099.S: Hollywood commentators added the obligatory ethnic spins , noting that `` black-themed movies '' were overlooked and that `` British actors seemed to have colonized the acting categories . '' 
  K: If seem causes colonize then agent of seem is the same as agent of colonize

1100.S: The DOJ wants to know whether this assertion concealed a conflict of interest . 
  K: If want causes know then agent of want is the same as agent of know

1101.S: Speculation turned to whether his son Abdullah , the new king , can shore up Jordan 's ailing economy , retain the allegiance of its Palestinian majority , and advance the Middle East peace process . 
  K: If turn causes advance then agent of turn is the same as agent of advance

1102.S: House prosecutors urged the Senate to subpoena Hitchens and Blue , but the Senate declined . 
  K: If urge causes subpoena then recipient of urge is the same as agent of subpoena

1103.S: House prosecutors urged the Senate to subpoena Hitchens and Blue , but the Senate declined . 
  K: If subpoena causes decline then agent of subpoena is the same as agent of decline

1104.S: -LRB- Check out the official site , and read Edelstein 's review . -RRB- 
  K: If site causes read then agent of site is the same as agent of read

1105.S: We never claimed to have found the one true path . 
  K: If never claim causes find then agent of never claim is the same as agent of find

1106.S: But over the past month and a half , the United States has learned how to wage war under the guise of ad hoc retaliation . 
  K: If learn causes wage then agent of learn is the same as agent of wage

1107.S: Meanwhile , officials anonymously concede that the piecemeal retaliatory strategy is designed to mollify Arab and European leaders . 
  K: If design causes mollify then recipient of design is the same as agent of mollify

1108.S: `` They also compromised some of their own most cherished ethical standards , a mistake they may live to regret , '' the editorial said . 
  K: If live causes regret then agent of live is the same as agent of regret

1109.S: It said , `` A certain America has triumphed over the other : that of humanist good sense has beaten that of the fundamentalist preachers , that which wants to preserve certain achievements of the 1960s has beaten that which wants to abolish them . 
  K: If want causes preserve then agent of want is the same as agent of preserve

1110.S: 4 -RRB- The critics are generating publicity and helping the company sell underwear . 
  K: If generate causes help then agent of generate is the same as agent of help

1111.S: -LRB- 2/18/99 -RRB- Veteran political activist Paul Weyrich urged fellow conservatives to `` drop out '' of society . 
  K: If urge causes drop then recipient of urge is the same as agent of drop

1112.S: The argument pro or con : If she does n't decide soon , other Democrats will wait too long to enter the race , and Giuliani will win . 
  K: If wait causes enter then agent of wait is the same as agent of enter

1113.S: -LRB- 2/15/99 -RRB- American Airlines pilots went back to work . 
  K: If go causes work then agent of go is the same as agent of work

1114.S: Written by Linus Torvalds , a Finnish programmer who could n't afford to buy a commercial operating system , Linux is free , is maintained by a vast network of loyal volunteer programmers , and never crashes . 
  K: If n't afford causes buy then agent of n't afford is the same as agent of buy

1115.S: ... The magazine introduces a redesigned front section , which grandly aims to chronicle `` The Way We Live Now . '' 
  K: If aim causes chronicle then agent of aim is the same as agent of chronicle

1116.S: ... The magazine introduces a redesigned front section , which grandly aims to chronicle `` The Way We Live Now . '' 
  K: If introduce causes aim then recipient of introduce is the same as agent of aim

1117.S: ... The magazine introduces a redesigned front section , which grandly aims to chronicle `` The Way We Live Now . '' 
  K: If aim causes chronicle then agent of aim is the same as agent of chronicle

1118.S: Researchers are performing `` placebo-controlled surgical trials '' in which they cut patients open and sew them back up without doing anything . 
  K: If open causes sew then agent of open is the same as agent of sew

1119.S: Opens key-operated filing cabinet locks and padlocks . 
  K: If lock causes padlock then agent of lock is the same as agent of padlock

1120.S: Patrick Henry said he `` smelled a rat '' and stayed home . 
  K: If smell causes stay then agent of smell is the same as agent of stay

1121.S: Though he had taken extensive notes throughout the Philadelphia convention , Madison never relied on them to buttress any constitutional arguments he made , whether as congressman , secretary of state , or president . 
  K: If never rely causes buttress then agent of never rely is the same as agent of buttress

1122.S: That stuff about brightening brights generally just means the detergent has some dye-transfer inhibitors , which help to stop bleeding dyes from staining other clothes . 
  K: If help causes stop then agent of help is the same as agent of stop

1123.S: That stuff about brightening brights generally just means the detergent has some dye-transfer inhibitors , which help to stop bleeding dyes from staining other clothes . 
  K: If help causes stop then agent of help is the same as agent of stop

1124.S: I hit the infantwear section of Kmart and picked up four cheap sets of clothing . 
  K: If hit causes pick then agent of hit is the same as agent of pick

1125.S: Tide faded colors a bit less , but it was not enough to make me want to switch brands . 
  K: If want causes switch then agent of want is the same as agent of switch

1126.S: International scholars will be chosen to report on those candidates . 
  K: If choose causes report then recipient of choose is the same as agent of report

1127.S: Yes , our 13 month distraction is now over , and the media can return to discussing education reform and Social Security as they claim to prefer . 
  K: If claim causes prefer then agent of claim is the same as agent of prefer

1128.S: Third , we need to cut the president some slack . 
  K: If need causes cut then agent of need is the same as agent of cut

