1.S: It came right out with the anger that the regular men 's mags tried to hide . 
  K: If try causes hide then agent of try is the same as agent of hide

2.S: In the men 's magazines , there 's much more of a sense that if you want women to give you the time of day , you have to make some effort to find out what they want and give it to them . 
  K: If want causes give then recipient of want is the same as agent of give

3.S: On the other hand , men still do n't like to express anxiety directly -- I 'd guess that part of the reason men 's mags have gotten sillier is that they 've seized on men 's time-honored method of covering up insecurity by clowning around . 
  K: If n't like causes express then agent of n't like is the same as agent of express

4.S: The intern/production assistant must open his cranberry juice and pour it over ice for him , just so . 
  K: If open causes pour then agent of open is the same as agent of pour

5.S: Baker goes on to complain about the island 's new popularity and the ostentatious displays of wealth . 
  K: If go causes complain then agent of go is the same as agent of complain

6.S: In this week 's Advertising Age , GQ editor Art Cooper asks why condom advertisers bother to take out pages in Maxim , since the readership is composed entirely of masturbators . 
  K: If bother causes take then agent of bother is the same as agent of take

7.S: But who wants to be classy anymore ? 
  K: If want causes classy then agent of want is the same as recipient of classy

8.S: The recent vogues for cigars , cocktails , and the Rat Pack were not wistful evocations of a more civilized time ; they were wistful evocations of the last great period of big Straight White Guy fun , before the broads and the fags came in to ruin it all . 
  K: If come causes ruin then agent of come is the same as agent of ruin

9.S: He calls on the top nature magazines and TV shows to pick a date and refuse to purchase any photos taken after that . 
  K: If call causes purchase then agent of call is the same as agent of purchase

10.S: He calls on the top nature magazines and TV shows to pick a date and refuse to purchase any photos taken after that . 
  K: If pick causes purchase then agent of pick is the same as agent of purchase

11.S: He calls on the top nature magazines and TV shows to pick a date and refuse to purchase any photos taken after that . 
  K: If refuse causes purchase then agent of refuse is the same as agent of purchase

12.S: He calls on the top nature magazines and TV shows to pick a date and refuse to purchase any photos taken after that . 
  K: If refuse causes purchase then agent of refuse is the same as agent of purchase

13.S: If Gore wants to maximize his potential years in the presidency , Clinton has to hang on until at least Jan. 21 , 1999 , so Gore can serve less than two years of Clinton 's term and then two full terms of his own ... Of course , if Clinton drags it out for another year and then quits , he 'll probably be so unpopular that he 'll pull Gore down with him . 
  K: If serve causes want then agent of serve is the same as agent of want

14.S: If Gore wants to maximize his potential years in the presidency , Clinton has to hang on until at least Jan. 21 , 1999 , so Gore can serve less than two years of Clinton 's term and then two full terms of his own ... Of course , if Clinton drags it out for another year and then quits , he 'll probably be so unpopular that he 'll pull Gore down with him . 
  K: If serve causes maximize then agent of serve is the same as agent of maximize

15.S: Memo to Martin Peretz , owner of the New Republic : You 've enthusiastically supported the ambitions of Gore , your former student -- you 've said confidently that you intend to own the magazine until `` the end of Al Gore 's second term '' as president . 
  K: If intend causes own then agent of intend is the same as agent of own

16.S: You even sacked your magazine 's editor , Michael Kelly , at least in part because , in his `` obsessive '' -LRB- your term -RRB- attacks on the character of the Clinton administration , Kelly ... how to put it ... failed to completely appreciate Gore 's virtues . 
  K: If fail causes appreciate then agent of fail is the same as agent of appreciate

17.S: Monica achieved her internship not through her scholarship at Lewis & Clark College but through the intervention of Walter Kaye , who donated enough to the Clinton campaign to be invited to sleep in the White House . 
  K: If donate causes invite then agent of donate is the same as recipient of invite

18.S: Monica achieved her internship not through her scholarship at Lewis & Clark College but through the intervention of Walter Kaye , who donated enough to the Clinton campaign to be invited to sleep in the White House . 
  K: If invite causes sleep then recipient of invite is the same as agent of sleep

19.S: Can anyone really believe Vernon Jordan , the ultimate Washington insider -LRB- and survivor -RRB- , would recklessly tell a 24-year-old to perjure herself when he has so many safer , legal ways to achieve the same end ? 
  K: If tell causes achieve then recipient of tell is the same as agent of achieve

20.S: 3 -RRB- Clinton dispatched Jordan to find out why Paula Jones was about to depose Monica . 
  K: If dispatch causes find then recipient of dispatch is the same as agent of find

21.S: Would Jordan have helped Monica get a job at Revlon if he knew a -RRB- she was about to perjure herself at his request and b -RRB- his help could be construed as a bribe to facilitate the perjury ? 
  K: If construe causes facilitate then recipient of construe is the same as agent of facilitate

22.S: Would Jordan have helped Monica get a job at Revlon if he knew a -RRB- she was about to perjure herself at his request and b -RRB- his help could be construed as a bribe to facilitate the perjury ? 
  K: If construe causes facilitate then recipient of construe is the same as agent of facilitate

23.S: Would Jordan have helped Monica get a job at Revlon if he knew a -RRB- she was about to perjure herself at his request and b -RRB- his help could be construed as a bribe to facilitate the perjury ? 
  K: If construe causes facilitate then recipient of construe is the same as agent of facilitate

24.S: Would Jordan have helped Monica get a job at Revlon if he knew a -RRB- she was about to perjure herself at his request and b -RRB- his help could be construed as a bribe to facilitate the perjury ? 
  K: If construe causes facilitate then recipient of construe is the same as agent of facilitate

25.S: Last week , when the Lewinsky story was only a few hours old , Stephanopoulos popped up on Good Morning America to demonstrate his concern . 
  K: If pop causes demonstrate then agent of pop is the same as agent of demonstrate

26.S: Stephanopoulos wants to run for the Senate and does n't want to seem a Clinton stooge . 
  K: If want causes run then agent of want is the same as agent of run

27.S: During the 1992 campaign , when Gennifer Flowers first brought Clinton 's philandering to public attention , Stephanopoulos -- as Clinton 's chief spinner , distracter , and all-around bullshit artist -- played a crucial role in discrediting Flowers and anyone else who tried to point out the truth , namely that Clinton had a disturbing zipper problem . 
  K: If try causes point then agent of try is the same as agent of point

28.S: When Democrats wonder why there is so much resentment of Clinton , they do n't need to look much further than the Big Lie about philandering that Stephanopoulos , Carville -LRB- and a cooperative campaign press corps -RRB- helped to put over in 1992 . 
  K: If help causes put then agent of help is the same as agent of put

29.S: Slate 's crack panel of Whitman scholars has convened in emergency session to draw our attention -LRB- and that of the Independent Counsel -RRB- to the following passages : ARE you the new person drawn toward me ? 
  K: If convene causes draw then agent of convene is the same as agent of draw

30.S: The Monica story had broken that morning ... CHATTERBOX WAS GOING to predict that Sen. Daniel Patrick Moynihan of New York would be the first prominent Democrat to suggest that Clinton might have to resign ... Really we were ... But Moynihan beat us to the punch with his declaration in the New York Post that Clinton could not survive admitting an affair with Lewinsky . 
  K: If GOING causes predict then agent of GOING is the same as agent of predict

31.S: Many commentators -LRB- e.g. , columnist Ellen Goodman , Jonathan Alter of Newsweek -RRB- seem to believe Clinton effectively promised not to screw around again in the future . 
  K: If promise causes not screw then agent of promise is the same as agent of not screw

32.S: ... WHAT IF CLINTON manages to survive ? 
  K: If manage causes survive then agent of manage is the same as agent of survive

33.S: The Punditburo has reached its decision , but viewers do n't want to hear it . 
  K: If n't want causes hear then agent of n't want is the same as agent of hear

34.S: They may or may not believe the Big Lie , but they can never admit it in public . 
  K: If not believe causes never admit then agent of not believe is the same as agent of never admit

35.S: So Newsweek was supposed to print all the boring parts about shopping ? 
  K: If suppose causes print then recipient of suppose is the same as agent of print

36.S: The document appears to have been typed on a manual typewriter . 
  K: If appear causes type then agent of appear is the same as recipient of type

37.S: But in the same article Isikoff reported that Steele had later recanted and said that Willey `` had asked her to ` lie ' about what had happened in order to give credibility to the allegation that she had been harassed . '' 
  K: If happen causes give then agent of happen is the same as agent of give

38.S: But in the same article Isikoff reported that Steele had later recanted and said that Willey `` had asked her to ` lie ' about what had happened in order to give credibility to the allegation that she had been harassed . '' 
  K: If ask causes lie then recipient of ask is the same as agent of lie

39.S: But in the same article Isikoff reported that Steele had later recanted and said that Willey `` had asked her to ` lie ' about what had happened in order to give credibility to the allegation that she had been harassed . '' 
  K: If happen causes give then agent of happen is the same as agent of give

40.S: But in the same article Isikoff reported that Steele had later recanted and said that Willey `` had asked her to ` lie ' about what had happened in order to give credibility to the allegation that she had been harassed . '' 
  K: If ask causes lie then recipient of ask is the same as agent of lie

41.S: The New York Times , rehashing Isikoff 's reporting in a front-page piece last Saturday , conveniently omitted this point , leaving the false impression that the first Steele had heard about any Clinton pass was when Willey called to ask her to lie when Isikoff `` was on his way to her home . '' 
  K: If call causes ask then agent of call is the same as agent of ask

42.S: The New York Times , rehashing Isikoff 's reporting in a front-page piece last Saturday , conveniently omitted this point , leaving the false impression that the first Steele had heard about any Clinton pass was when Willey called to ask her to lie when Isikoff `` was on his way to her home . '' 
  K: If ask causes lie then recipient of ask is the same as agent of lie

43.S: Kathleen Willey got $ 1 million in insurance money after his death , and apparently did n't give any of it to the poor client whose money was stolen . 
  K: If get causes n't give then agent of get is the same as agent of n't give

44.S: Indeed , she has fought through protracted legal proceedings to successfully stiff him . 
  K: If fight causes stiff then agent of fight is the same as agent of stiff

45.S: Even if Clinton 's behavior was piggish , it 's a bit unfair to expect Willey to get instantly angry and dress down the president of the United States as if he were the heavy in some `` How to Stop Sex Harassment '' training video . 
  K: If expect causes dress then recipient of expect is the same as agent of dress

46.S: Plus , Chatterbox does n't want to have to buy the 23 copies of Leaves of Grass it would take to reward the Fornigate brigade . 
  K: If take causes reward then agent of take is the same as agent of reward

47.S: Chatterbox also likes `` Incredible Sucking Sound , '' but does n't want to annoy Ross Perot . 
  K: If like causes annoy then agent of like is the same as agent of annoy

48.S: Chatterbox also likes `` Incredible Sucking Sound , '' but does n't want to annoy Ross Perot . 
  K: If n't want causes annoy then agent of n't want is the same as agent of annoy

49.S: One reader offered `` Lobster Thermidor , '' which required a long explanation -LRB- you do n't want to know -RRB- . 
  K: If offer causes require then recipient of offer is the same as agent of require

50.S: One reader offered `` Lobster Thermidor , '' which required a long explanation -LRB- you do n't want to know -RRB- . 
  K: If n't want causes know then agent of n't want is the same as agent of know

51.S: One reader offered `` Lobster Thermidor , '' which required a long explanation -LRB- you do n't want to know -RRB- . 
  K: If n't want causes know then agent of n't want is the same as agent of know

52.S: One reader offered `` Lobster Thermidor , '' which required a long explanation -LRB- you do n't want to know -RRB- . 
  K: If n't want causes know then agent of n't want is the same as agent of know

53.S: The piece , by media reporter Howie `` The Beast '' Kurtz , revealed that Clinton attorney David Kendall has `` been helping '' an Esquire author `` research an article on Starr 's Whitewater probe , '' even to the extent of asking Clinton allies to cooperate with the author . 
  K: If ask causes cooperate then recipient of ask is the same as agent of cooperate

54.S: The David Brock whose 1993 Troopergate article revived the Clinton sex scandal and portrayed Kendall 's client and patron Hillary Clinton as a foul-mouthed bitch who orders state troopers to fetch her tampons ? 
  K: If troopers causes fetch then agent of troopers is the same as agent of fetch

55.S: The David Brock whose 1993 Troopergate article revived the Clinton sex scandal and portrayed Kendall 's client and patron Hillary Clinton as a foul-mouthed bitch who orders state troopers to fetch her tampons ? 
  K: If troopers causes fetch then agent of troopers is the same as agent of fetch

56.S: The nipple-baring Brock who then played the victim in an Esquire article -LRB- illustrated with an exhibitionistic photo of Brock in an open shirt posing as St. Sebastian -RRB- when , despite his hit pieces and sleazy red-baiting , right wingers snubbed him for supposedly going soft on Hillary ? 
  K: If play causes wingers then agent of play is the same as agent of wingers

57.S: ... OK , one more question : Is Brock 's whole I-was-a victim-of-the-right routine a brilliant Nosenko-like cover that has allowed him to penetrate the Clinton camp 's innermost recesses -- gaining the confidence of the normally closed-mouthed Kendall -- after which Brock will turn the tables on his original enemies ? 
  K: If allow causes penetrate then recipient of allow is the same as agent of penetrate

58.S: The Creep and El Schmucko ... the very same phrases daughter Monica would later reportedly use to describe President Clinton on the scandalous Tripp tapes ! 
  K: If use causes describe then agent of use is the same as agent of describe

59.S: Let 's take another look at exactly what Currie 's lawyer said : `` I want to be absolutely clear , to the extent there is any implication or the slightest suggestion that Mrs. Currie believes that the President or anyone else tried to influence her recollection , that is absolutely false and a mischaracterization of the facts . 
  K: If try causes influence then agent of try is the same as agent of influence

60.S: Currie is n't really denying that Clinton was trying to coach her . 
  K: If try causes coach then agent of try is the same as agent of coach

61.S: She just denies that he was trying to change her recollection . 
  K: If try causes change then agent of try is the same as agent of change

62.S: If Currie had really been denying Clinton tried to influence her testimony , she would have said Clinton did n't try to influence her testimony , not her `` recollection . '' 
  K: If n't try causes influence then agent of n't try is the same as agent of influence

63.S: They note that Jones had hoped to use Willey 's tale that Clinton had made an unwelcome advance in 1993 . 
  K: If hope causes use then agent of hope is the same as agent of use

64.S: `` But sources tell Time that Julie Hiatt Steele , once a close friend of Willey 's , signed an affidavit last Friday , at the request of Clinton 's lawyers , suggesting that the encounter may have been more innocent than Willey claims and that Willey asked her to lie about it . '' 
  K: If ask causes lie then recipient of ask is the same as agent of lie

65.S: Time then dramatically recounts how Steele says she was called by Willey and asked to lie even as Newsweek reporter Michael Isikoff `` was on his way to Steele 's house . '' 
  K: If ask causes lie then agent of ask is the same as agent of lie

66.S: Time then dramatically recounts how Steele says she was called by Willey and asked to lie even as Newsweek reporter Michael Isikoff `` was on his way to Steele 's house . '' 
  K: If recount causes lie then agent of recount is the same as agent of lie

67.S: Time then dramatically recounts how Steele says she was called by Willey and asked to lie even as Newsweek reporter Michael Isikoff `` was on his way to Steele 's house . '' 
  K: If ask causes lie then agent of ask is the same as agent of lie

68.S: Time then dramatically recounts how Steele says she was called by Willey and asked to lie even as Newsweek reporter Michael Isikoff `` was on his way to Steele 's house . '' 
  K: If ask causes lie then agent of ask is the same as agent of lie

69.S: But Ginsburg has frosted Newsweek , which is perceived to be in Linda Tripp 's camp . 
  K: If frost causes perceive then recipient of frost is the same as recipient of perceive

70.S: A short critical Newsweek piece on Ginsburg and his `` appetite for the high life '' notes that he `` declined ... to talk to Newsweek '' ... Newsweek , meanwhile , is Paula 's Magazine . 
  K: If decline causes talk then agent of decline is the same as agent of talk

71.S: Readers should simply be aware , as they weigh what they are told , that each magazine has an incentive to please -- or at least not totally piss off -- its primary allies ... Which is not to say that Newsweek still wo n't try to throw Ginsburg a few bones in the hope of gaining his cooperation , or that Time wo n't skillfully let him make a fool of himself . 
  K: If n't try causes throw then agent of n't try is the same as agent of throw

72.S: ... But seriously , Chatterbox wants to defend `` Grassy Knoll '' Blumenthal against those who trash him for giving advice to his friends the Clintons while he was still a writer for The New Yorker . 
  K: If want causes defend then agent of want is the same as agent of defend

73.S: But any New Yorker subscriber who did n't realize that Blumenthal was massively ego-invested in the Clintons ' success just was n't paying attention ... Chatterbox hopes this stout defense wo n't stop Blumenthal from ordering the Clinton critic-intimidation team to investigate Chatterbox 's private life . 
  K: If order causes investigate then recipient of order is the same as agent of investigate

74.S: Unfortunately Hitchens did n't design the human brain , which learns by imitation . 
  K: If n't design causes learn then recipient of n't design is the same as agent of learn

75.S: Does Clinton want to restore the family in the ghettos ? 
  K: If want causes restore then agent of want is the same as agent of restore

76.S: Chatterbox always suspected that Democrats who focus compulsively on the income charts -LRB- ex-Labor Secretary Robert Reich , for one -RRB- would be all too willing to trade off America 's precious social equality for a minor increase in income equality and prosperity . 
  K: If focus causes trade then agent of focus is the same as agent of trade

77.S: Better to stick to the social-egalitarian line : Reporters are citizens , with the same rights and obligations as other citizens -LRB- same as Sid Blumenthal , same as Matt Drudge , same as your mother -RRB- , which include the right to say nasty things about Kenneth Starr . 
  K: If include causes say then recipient of include is the same as agent of say

78.S: -LRB- Does Pepperdine law school really want to give its deanship to someone who doesn ' t know the first thing about the First Amendment ? -RRB- 
  K: If want causes give then agent of want is the same as agent of give

79.S: Do n't expect it to happen again ... CORPORATISM WATCH : `` There is a significant difference between asking a White House official for his sources and asking the owner of a Web page on the Internet for his sources , '' Marvin Kalb , director of the Shorenstein Center on Press and Politics at Harvard , tells the Times . 
  K: If n't expect causes happen then recipient of n't expect is the same as agent of happen

80.S: Do we really want to place loyalty over truth ? 
  K: If want causes place then agent of want is the same as agent of place

81.S: Did n't Bill Clinton champion the very `` new economy '' of rootless , skilled free-agents -- the very disloyal types Gates claims threaten to subject the president to the laws that apply to other Americans ? 
  K: If threaten causes subject then agent of threaten is the same as agent of subject

82.S: Did n't Bill Clinton champion the very `` new economy '' of rootless , skilled free-agents -- the very disloyal types Gates claims threaten to subject the president to the laws that apply to other Americans ? 
  K: If threaten causes subject then agent of threaten is the same as agent of subject

83.S: Apparently the idea -LRB- see Chatterbox for 2/18 -RRB- was to leave open the possibility that others might interpret the facts , as Currie told them , to involve an impropriety . 
  K: If tell causes involve then recipient of tell is the same as agent of involve

84.S: ... All the heat on Currie makes Chatterbox think : Was the sprawling , seemingly loony essay by Henry Louis `` Skip the Truth '' Gates Jr. in last week 's New Yorker -LRB- see Chatterbox for 3/3 -RRB- actually a far more narrowly-targeted appeal than Chatterbox thought -- specifically , an appeal for Currie to lie for Clinton , much as Rose Mary Woods -LRB- the heroine of Gates ' essay -RRB- is thought to have lied for Nixon ? 
  K: If think causes lie then recipient of think is the same as agent of lie

85.S: The Curse of the Opel Chatterbox is glad the UAW workers at General Motors ' Saturn plant in Spring Hill , Tennessee voted to retain their innovative labor contract , with its stress on teamwork over bureaucratic work rules . 
  K: If vote causes retain then agent of vote is the same as agent of retain

86.S: They took a risk , moved to Tennessee , and managed to build about the only small car made by Detroit 's Big Three that matches the Japanese in reliability -- in the 1997 Consumer Reports ratings it 's right up there with the Honda Civic . 
  K: If manage causes build then agent of manage is the same as agent of build

87.S: The other divisions of General Motors gang up to deny Saturn the capital it needs to add a midsize sedan or a sport-utility vehicle to its line . 
  K: If gang causes deny then agent of gang is the same as agent of deny

88.S: The other divisions of General Motors gang up to deny Saturn the capital it needs to add a midsize sedan or a sport-utility vehicle to its line . 
  K: If need causes add then agent of need is the same as agent of add

89.S: Poster Boys David `` I Made Paula Jones Famous '' Brock , who wants everyone to know that he deeply regrets single-handedly bringing down the president , is n't the only journalist to have reported the allegations of Arkansas state troopers who claim to have procured women for then-Gov . 
  K: If claim causes procure then agent of claim is the same as agent of procure

90.S: In addition to the Los Angeles Times , the American Spectator in April , 1994 , printed a long , well-documented piece by Daniel Wattenberg recounting the tale of Trooper L.D. Brown , who claims to have solicited `` over a hundred '' women for Clinton . 
  K: If claim causes solicit then agent of claim is the same as agent of solicit

91.S: You get the sense that he does n't want to say anything that might annoy his new White House friends . 
  K: If n't want causes say then agent of n't want is the same as agent of say

92.S: This week 's study in the Journal of the American Medical Association confirming that mastectomies increased after Nancy Reagan chose to undergo that radical procedure rather than have a less drastic `` lumpectomy . '' 
  K: If choose causes undergo then agent of choose is the same as agent of undergo

93.S: This week 's study in the Journal of the American Medical Association confirming that mastectomies increased after Nancy Reagan chose to undergo that radical procedure rather than have a less drastic `` lumpectomy . '' 
  K: If choose causes undergo then agent of choose is the same as agent of undergo

94.S: ... Gore continued his scare campaign by phoning Washington Post Executive Editor Len Downie to complain that a photo the Post had run of the big-blue-marble Earth was upside down ! 
  K: If phone causes complain then recipient of phone is the same as agent of complain

95.S: The photo of Julie Steele , who says Willey told her to lie , made her look as if she 'd just tried out a vacuum cleaner on her abundant graying hair . 
  K: If tell causes lie then recipient of tell is the same as agent of lie

96.S: He brought out that Willey knew Clinton had the hots for her from an earlier incident when then-candidate Clinton had asked her to bring some chicken soup to his room . 
  K: If ask causes bring then recipient of ask is the same as agent of bring

97.S: But then Bradley neglected to ask the obvious question : since Willey was aware of Clinton 's interest , was n't she hoping to use her sexual attraction to help her get the paying White House job she desperately needed ? 
  K: If neglect causes ask then agent of neglect is the same as agent of ask

98.S: Willey might easily have answered the question -- she might have even said , `` Yes , but I did n't expect him to jump me right there in the Oval Office '' -- without undermining her story . 
  K: If n't expect causes jump then recipient of n't expect is the same as agent of jump

99.S: What possessed them to release their 700-page trove of anti-Clinton documents on a Friday ? 
  K: If possess causes release then recipient of possess is the same as agent of release

100.S: Does n't every sentient American know by now that Friday is when you release news you want to bury , because Friday news gets reported in the little-read Saturday papers ? 
  K: If release causes report then recipient of release is the same as recipient of report

101.S: Does n't every sentient American know by now that Friday is when you release news you want to bury , because Friday news gets reported in the little-read Saturday papers ? 
  K: If want causes bury then agent of want is the same as agent of bury

102.S: A potentially significant conflict is opening up between Michael Isikoff , the Newsweek reporter who 's been a driving force in the Flytrap scandal , and Julie Steele , the erstwhile friend of Kathleen Willey who says Willey told her to lie to Isikoff . 
  K: If tell causes lie then recipient of tell is the same as agent of lie

103.S: This is a direct conflict ; the question is n't what Willey told Steele but what Steele told Isikoff . 
  K: If tell causes tell then recipient of tell is the same as agent of tell

104.S: -LRB- Her lawyer , Nancy Luque , said she would try to reach her client and call Chatterbox back . 
  K: If try causes reach then agent of try is the same as agent of reach

105.S: This does n't sound like something he 'd make a mistake about , and he would n't print an untruth . 
  K: If make causes n't print then agent of make is the same as agent of n't print

106.S: She adds : `` If and when John Ashcroft decides to make his presidential ambitions official ... Reed will disappear from the market . '' 
  K: If decide causes make then agent of decide is the same as agent of make

107.S: Who benefits if Ashcroft gets in the race and splits the social conservative primary vote with Steve Forbes ? 
  K: If get causes split then agent of get is the same as agent of split

108.S: Not only did Broder forget to mention Newsweek reporter Michael Isikoff 's contention that Steele had changed her story at least two times , but Broder also forgot to mention that -- as Isikoff had reported a week and a half earlier -- Steele had taken $ 7,000 from the National Enquirer after shifting to an anti-Willey posture . 
  K: If forget causes mention then agent of forget is the same as agent of mention

109.S: Not only did Broder forget to mention Newsweek reporter Michael Isikoff 's contention that Steele had changed her story at least two times , but Broder also forgot to mention that -- as Isikoff had reported a week and a half earlier -- Steele had taken $ 7,000 from the National Enquirer after shifting to an anti-Willey posture . 
  K: If forget causes mention then agent of forget is the same as agent of mention

110.S: ... No , Jim , We Think This One Might be a Dealbreaker : `` People have tried to suggest they are former friends , but when the dust settles I think they 'll be okay . '' 
  K: If try causes suggest then agent of try is the same as agent of suggest

111.S: Monica 's lawyer William Ginsburg charged ... well , you can imagine what William Ginsburg charged . 
  K: If charge causes charge then agent of charge is the same as agent of charge

112.S: Were Starr trying to punish Lewinsky for her thoughts or tastes or reading habits or speech -- the way he was threatening to punish Blumenthal -- all the Nazis-are-coming hysteria might be justified . 
  K: If threaten causes punish then agent of threaten is the same as agent of punish

113.S: Were Starr trying to punish Lewinsky for her thoughts or tastes or reading habits or speech -- the way he was threatening to punish Blumenthal -- all the Nazis-are-coming hysteria might be justified . 
  K: If try causes punish then agent of try is the same as agent of punish

114.S: Lewis ca n't really be proposing to suppress the `` 60 Minutes '' Willey interview -- which was , in truth , not a story based on `` gossip '' or `` innuendo '' but first-person testimony about the behavior of the president in the Oval Office , about which the voters are surely entitled to form an opinion -- in order to protect a puny civil suit for money damages ? 
  K: If n't propose causes suppress then agent of n't propose is the same as agent of suppress

115.S: Lewis ca n't really be proposing to suppress the `` 60 Minutes '' Willey interview -- which was , in truth , not a story based on `` gossip '' or `` innuendo '' but first-person testimony about the behavior of the president in the Oval Office , about which the voters are surely entitled to form an opinion -- in order to protect a puny civil suit for money damages ? 
  K: If entitle causes form then recipient of entitle is the same as agent of form

116.S: ... Paranoid 's Corner : If Clinton really wanted to escape Flytrap for good , here 's what he 'd do : Have a fresh , previously unknown woman come forward alleging unwanted sexual advances along Jones/Willey lines . 
  K: If want causes escape then agent of want is the same as agent of escape

117.S: One reason Kathleen Willey 's tale of groping and fondling in the Oval Office seems credible is this : if she were making up a story , she could have made up a much better one . 
  K: If make causes make then agent of make is the same as agent of make

118.S: For example , Willey told Ed Bradley of 60 Minutes that when Clinton made his pass , she remembers saying to him , `` Are n't you afraid that somebody 's going to walk in here ? '' 
  K: If go causes walk then agent of go is the same as agent of walk

119.S: Thanks to Time magazine , we have evidence that when Willey wants to make up a story , she knows how to pull out all the emotional stops . 
  K: If know causes pull then agent of know is the same as agent of pull

120.S: Thanks to Time magazine , we have evidence that when Willey wants to make up a story , she knows how to pull out all the emotional stops . 
  K: If want causes make then agent of want is the same as agent of make

121.S: Then on the morning the abortion was supposed to happen , she had her then-friend , Julie Steele , tell him she 'd called it off . 
  K: If suppose causes happen then recipient of suppose is the same as agent of happen

122.S: So , in a perverse way , Time 's tale of Willey 's pregnancy lie actually tends to support her veracity when it comes to Clinton . 
  K: If tend causes support then agent of tend is the same as agent of support

123.S: Yet , according to Novak , on March 21 Clinton `` did not seem familiar with Moynihan 's latest plan ... '' Whatever else you want to say about Clinton , he 's not usually inattentive or uninterested in domestic policy . 
  K: If want causes say then recipient of want is the same as agent of say

124.S: The fears of opponents of Proposition 209 , which eliminated racial preferences in California 's public institutions , seemed to be coming true -- despite the efforts of UC officials to compensate for the end of race preferences by giving an edge to students who have overcome economic hardships . 
  K: If seem causes come then agent of seem is the same as agent of come

125.S: Even that number may be misleading , since it does n't include blacks who chose not to check the optional box declaring their race . 
  K: If choose causes not check then agent of choose is the same as agent of not check

126.S: -- but could it be that pro-preference university officials want to discredit Prop. 209 by painting its consequences as more dire than they actually are ? 
  K: If want causes discredit then agent of want is the same as agent of discredit

127.S: ... Terry Lightfoot , a spokeman for the UC president 's office , denies any `` motive to tell a bad story . '' 
  K: If deny causes tell then recipient of deny is the same as agent of tell

128.S: So someone who wants a story written paid him to research the story . 
  K: If pay causes research then recipient of pay is the same as agent of research

129.S: -LRB- Chatterbox himself once managed to cadge a speaking fee arranged by this wonderful organization . -RRB- 
  K: If manage causes cadge then agent of manage is the same as agent of cadge

130.S: -- something lawyer-lobbyist Abe Fortas discovered when he managed to distract attention from his corruption by playing classical violin in public . 
  K: If manage causes distract then agent of manage is the same as agent of distract

131.S: For decades , Brookings has been the liberal institution you could count on to defend government enterprises when they need to be defended , and criticize subsidies when they 're unjustified . 
  K: If count causes defend then agent of count is the same as agent of defend

132.S: For decades , Brookings has been the liberal institution you could count on to defend government enterprises when they need to be defended , and criticize subsidies when they 're unjustified . 
  K: If need causes defend then recipient of need is the same as recipient of defend

133.S: In essence , Brookings scholars exist to expose rackets like Fannie Mae . 
  K: If exist causes expose then agent of exist is the same as agent of expose

134.S: Economist Henry Aaron said `` I do n't see any reason why a corporation traded on the New York Stock Exchange ... should be given advantages by state and local governments who have to collect more in taxes from Plain Joes to compensate for the concession . '' 
  K: If give causes collect then agent of give is the same as agent of collect

135.S: Memo to Jim Johnson : These Brookings wonks want to take away your $ 4 billion meal ticket ! 
  K: If want causes take then agent of want is the same as agent of take

136.S: Were somebody to start it at a Washington cocktail party , the guests would scurry into the other room as surely as if that someone had said `` Let 's build the bridge to the 21st century '' or attempted to redebate the Vietnam War ... Of course , Washingtonians may have chosen up sides in this fashion in part because so many people in the capital need to choose up sides in order to do their jobs , in part because the only thing more boring than having an opinion on Flytrap is not having one -LRB- `` Well , I think only time will tell . '' 
  K: If need causes choose then agent of need is the same as agent of choose

137.S: Were somebody to start it at a Washington cocktail party , the guests would scurry into the other room as surely as if that someone had said `` Let 's build the bridge to the 21st century '' or attempted to redebate the Vietnam War ... Of course , Washingtonians may have chosen up sides in this fashion in part because so many people in the capital need to choose up sides in order to do their jobs , in part because the only thing more boring than having an opinion on Flytrap is not having one -LRB- `` Well , I think only time will tell . '' 
  K: If attempt causes redebate then agent of attempt is the same as agent of redebate

138.S: Were somebody to start it at a Washington cocktail party , the guests would scurry into the other room as surely as if that someone had said `` Let 's build the bridge to the 21st century '' or attempted to redebate the Vietnam War ... Of course , Washingtonians may have chosen up sides in this fashion in part because so many people in the capital need to choose up sides in order to do their jobs , in part because the only thing more boring than having an opinion on Flytrap is not having one -LRB- `` Well , I think only time will tell . '' 
  K: If attempt causes redebate then agent of attempt is the same as agent of redebate

139.S: ... The catch is that the Washington commentariat is tempted to conclude that Flytrap is over because it is bored with the scandal . 
  K: If tempt causes conclude then recipient of tempt is the same as agent of conclude

140.S: Let 's just say that a Reagan-Republican Senate candidate in California was known to somewhat hypocritically visit a Los Angeles newsstand that featured an extensive selection of adult magazines . 
  K: If know causes visit then recipient of know is the same as agent of visit

141.S: He admitted going to the club , which he called `` a cocktail place . '' 
  K: If admit causes call then agent of admit is the same as agent of call

142.S: ... Given this incident , however , Mulholland would probably be the wrong spokesman to righteously attack Kenneth Starr for trying to learn about Monica Lewinsky 's semi-pornographic bookstore purchases ... Note to starving freelance writers : If you 've been recruited to write op-ed opinion pieces praising Microsoft , as part of the phony Microsoft `` grass roots '' PR campaign revealed in Friday 's Los Angeles Times , do n't consider the rent paid just yet ! 
  K: If recruit causes write then recipient of recruit is the same as agent of write

143.S: Expect roughly the same effort it might take to obtain payment from the Defense Department for a small anti-ballistic missile system . 
  K: If take causes obtain then agent of take is the same as agent of obtain

144.S: The highlight : To prevent the financially-stricken D.C. government from trying to collect some $ 300 million in local taxes , Fannie Mae threatens to drop its $ 3 million in support for D.C. charities . 
  K: If threaten causes drop then agent of threaten is the same as agent of drop

145.S: The highlight : To prevent the financially-stricken D.C. government from trying to collect some $ 300 million in local taxes , Fannie Mae threatens to drop its $ 3 million in support for D.C. charities . 
  K: If threaten causes drop then agent of threaten is the same as agent of drop

146.S: The highlight : To prevent the financially-stricken D.C. government from trying to collect some $ 300 million in local taxes , Fannie Mae threatens to drop its $ 3 million in support for D.C. charities . 
  K: If threaten causes drop then agent of threaten is the same as agent of drop

147.S: The highlight : To prevent the financially-stricken D.C. government from trying to collect some $ 300 million in local taxes , Fannie Mae threatens to drop its $ 3 million in support for D.C. charities . 
  K: If threaten causes drop then agent of threaten is the same as agent of drop

148.S: It turns out that although the announcement of Johnson 's replacement by Clinton budget director Franklin Raines `` surprised many Washington insiders '' -- Chatterbox 's White House source said it seemed to happen quickly at the last minute -- it was really a long-planned `` crafted departure '' that `` culminated a process begun several years ago '' when Johnson decided to `` limit his tenure with Fannie Mae to a decade . '' 
  K: If seem causes happen then agent of seem is the same as agent of happen

149.S: It turns out that although the announcement of Johnson 's replacement by Clinton budget director Franklin Raines `` surprised many Washington insiders '' -- Chatterbox 's White House source said it seemed to happen quickly at the last minute -- it was really a long-planned `` crafted departure '' that `` culminated a process begun several years ago '' when Johnson decided to `` limit his tenure with Fannie Mae to a decade . '' 
  K: If decide causes limit then agent of decide is the same as agent of limit

150.S: Consumer Reports just published its Annual Auto Issue , which contains the most useful two-page spread in automotive journalism . 
  K: If publish causes contain then recipient of publish is the same as agent of contain

151.S: ... Like many ancient Volvo-bred yuppies , Chatterbox will believe America is back on top only when Detroit makes a car Chatterbox might actually want to buy . 
  K: If want causes buy then agent of want is the same as agent of buy

152.S: Consumer Reports ranked it above even the vaunted Toyota Camry -LRB- which slipped a bit , but remains 20 percent better than average -RRB- . 
  K: If slip causes remain then agent of slip is the same as agent of remain

153.S: To : New York Times Editorial Board Re : Your Coming Anti-Workfare Editorials The Times has just concluded a four-part , front-page series slamming New York Mayor Rudolph Giuliani 's workfare policies -LRB- e.g. , `` EVIDENCE IS SCANT THAT WORKFARE LEADS TO FULL-TIME JOBS '' -RRB- . 
  K: If e.g. causes FULL then recipient of e.g. is the same as agent of FULL

154.S: Politicians like to say the purpose of welfare reform is to move people `` from welfare to work . '' 
  K: If like causes say then agent of like is the same as agent of say

155.S: Other mothers may choose to live with breadwinners and spend time with their children . 
  K: If choose causes live then agent of choose is the same as agent of live

156.S: Other mothers may choose to live with breadwinners and spend time with their children . 
  K: If live causes spend then agent of live is the same as agent of spend

157.S: Most plans attempt to `` divert '' those who apply for welfare into private jobs . 
  K: If attempt causes divert then agent of attempt is the same as agent of divert

158.S: Yes , we want to know how many more people are working thanks to welfare reform . 
  K: If want causes know then agent of want is the same as agent of know

159.S: Nor did the Times show that any regular workers were laid off or fired to make way for cheaper workfarers . 
  K: If fire causes make then recipient of fire is the same as agent of make

160.S: They will then score one point for every subsequent issue or broadcast or Internet posting after the first offense is noted by Chatterbox if they continue not to report said inconvenient fact -- and an additional two points on days when the news organization runs a follow-up without making note of said inconvenient fact . 
  K: If continue causes not report then agent of continue is the same as agent of not report

161.S: They will then score one point for every subsequent issue or broadcast or Internet posting after the first offense is noted by Chatterbox if they continue not to report said inconvenient fact -- and an additional two points on days when the news organization runs a follow-up without making note of said inconvenient fact . 
  K: If continue causes not report then agent of continue is the same as agent of not report

162.S: The Journal editorial page continues not to acknowledge that Norma Kelsey , the friend and employee to Juanita Broaddrick who is one of two people partially corroborating Broaddrick 's rape accusation , is the daughter of a man whose murderer was pardoned by Gov. Bill Clinton . 
  K: If continue causes not acknowledge then agent of continue is the same as agent of not acknowledge

163.S: Because it has published three times since the initial omission , it scores an additional three points . 
  K: If publish causes score then agent of publish is the same as agent of score

164.S: Chatterbox feels certain that the Journal editorial page will provide some follow-up tomorrow to tonight 's NBC broadcast of its own Broaddrick interview , which means that if the Journal editorial page continues to take no action it will be in the Indis Hall of Fame by Monday at the latest ! 
  K: If continue causes take then agent of continue is the same as agent of take

165.S: Chatterbox feels certain that the Journal editorial page will provide some follow-up tomorrow to tonight 's NBC broadcast of its own Broaddrick interview , which means that if the Journal editorial page continues to take no action it will be in the Indis Hall of Fame by Monday at the latest ! 
  K: If continue causes take then agent of continue is the same as agent of take

166.S: Which is what Journal news employees are instructed to say whenever the editorial page causes them cringing embarrassment . 
  K: If instruct causes say then recipient of instruct is the same as agent of say

167.S: `` I asked her why she had decided to talk to the New York Post 's Steve Dunleavy , and refused a Times reporter . 
  K: If decide causes talk then agent of decide is the same as agent of talk

168.S: `` I asked her why she had decided to talk to the New York Post 's Steve Dunleavy , and refused a Times reporter . 
  K: If ask causes refuse then agent of ask is the same as agent of refuse

169.S: Hanover `` would not say whether Giuliani would run for the Senate , whether she would like him to run for Senate , or whether she would campaign for him if he did . 
  K: If like causes run then recipient of like is the same as agent of run

170.S: Sterility : What Did He Think , When Did He Think It Perhaps the most puzzling element to Juanita Broaddrick 's story , as related on the editorial page of the Feb. 18 Wall Street Journal , is her claim that after Bill Clinton allegedly raped her in 1978 , `` he looked down at her and said not to worry , he was sterile -- he had had mumps when he was a child . '' 
  K: If say causes not worry then agent of say is the same as agent of not worry

171.S: On pages 66 , 80 , and 81 of the hardcover edition , Stewart reports that in 1978 the Clintons were `` trying to conceive . 
  K: If try causes conceive then agent of try is the same as agent of conceive

172.S: If it was Bill who was thought sterile , conceivably the couple would n't have wanted to admit that even to close friends , because he was running for governor at the time in a campaign that emphasized his youth and vigor . 
  K: If n't want causes admit then agent of n't want is the same as agent of admit

173.S: If it was Bill who was thought sterile , conceivably the couple would n't have wanted to admit that even to close friends , because he was running for governor at the time in a campaign that emphasized his youth and vigor . 
  K: If admit causes close then agent of admit is the same as agent of close

174.S: According to Stewart 's account , the Clintons continued to fret about their ability to have children , and the following year even considered visiting a fertility doctor at the University of California at San Francisco . 
  K: If continue causes fret then agent of continue is the same as agent of fret

175.S: But then Hillary learned she was pregnant -- famously , while they were in London , prompting Bill Clinton to sing , while strolling through Chelsea , Joni Mitchell 's `` Chelsea Morning . '' 
  K: If prompt causes sing then recipient of prompt is the same as agent of sing

176.S: Chatterbox acknowledges and regrets this error . -RRB- 
  K: If acknowledge causes regret then agent of acknowledge is the same as agent of regret

177.S: Parsing Kendall A cry has gone up for President Clinton to comment less obliquely on Juanita Broaddrick 's rape charges . 
  K: If go causes comment then agent of go is the same as agent of comment

178.S: But what if you do n't happen to belong to this naturally buoyant majority ? 
  K: If n't happen causes belong then agent of n't happen is the same as agent of belong

179.S: Does the likelihood of such a `` happiness boost '' increase when you graduate from prosperous to out-of-sight rich ? 
  K: If graduate causes out then agent of graduate is the same as agent of out

180.S: What 's more , People magazine got Walters to repeat the story almost verbatim . 
  K: If get causes repeat then recipient of get is the same as agent of repeat

181.S: Walters denied one key element of Kelley 's version to People -- that Reagan forced his way into her apartment -- but reaffirmed the rest . 
  K: If deny causes reaffirm then agent of deny is the same as agent of reaffirm

182.S: I did n't want him to make love to me . 
  K: If n't want causes make then recipient of n't want is the same as agent of make

183.S: DO N'T GIVE UP !!!! Hi , I 'm Andrew Morton , and I want to share a few presidential pickup lines that REALLY , REALLY work ! 
  K: If want causes share then agent of want is the same as agent of share

184.S: If you want to meet me back in George 's office in five or ten minutes you can . '' 
  K: If want causes meet then agent of want is the same as agent of meet

185.S: `` Do n't worry , I 'm going to take care of you . 
  K: If go causes take then agent of go is the same as agent of take

186.S: `` Do n't worry , I 'm going to take care of you . 
  K: If go causes take then agent of go is the same as agent of take

187.S: But readers will be forgiven for wondering whether the firing has anything to do with a splashy New York Times front-page story that appeared two days before and identified -LRB- but did not name -RRB- a Los Alamos scientist who was believed to have passed along nuclear secrets to the Chinese . 
  K: If believe causes pass then recipient of believe is the same as agent of pass

188.S: But readers will be forgiven for wondering whether the firing has anything to do with a splashy New York Times front-page story that appeared two days before and identified -LRB- but did not name -RRB- a Los Alamos scientist who was believed to have passed along nuclear secrets to the Chinese . 
  K: If believe causes pass then recipient of believe is the same as agent of pass

189.S: But readers will be forgiven for wondering whether the firing has anything to do with a splashy New York Times front-page story that appeared two days before and identified -LRB- but did not name -RRB- a Los Alamos scientist who was believed to have passed along nuclear secrets to the Chinese . 
  K: If believe causes pass then recipient of believe is the same as agent of pass

190.S: But readers will be forgiven for wondering whether the firing has anything to do with a splashy New York Times front-page story that appeared two days before and identified -LRB- but did not name -RRB- a Los Alamos scientist who was believed to have passed along nuclear secrets to the Chinese . 
  K: If believe causes pass then recipient of believe is the same as agent of pass

191.S: But readers will be forgiven for wondering whether the firing has anything to do with a splashy New York Times front-page story that appeared two days before and identified -LRB- but did not name -RRB- a Los Alamos scientist who was believed to have passed along nuclear secrets to the Chinese . 
  K: If believe causes pass then recipient of believe is the same as agent of pass

192.S: But readers will be forgiven for wondering whether the firing has anything to do with a splashy New York Times front-page story that appeared two days before and identified -LRB- but did not name -RRB- a Los Alamos scientist who was believed to have passed along nuclear secrets to the Chinese . 
  K: If believe causes pass then recipient of believe is the same as agent of pass

193.S: But readers will be forgiven for wondering whether the firing has anything to do with a splashy New York Times front-page story that appeared two days before and identified -LRB- but did not name -RRB- a Los Alamos scientist who was believed to have passed along nuclear secrets to the Chinese . 
  K: If believe causes pass then recipient of believe is the same as agent of pass

194.S: But readers will be forgiven for wondering whether the firing has anything to do with a splashy New York Times front-page story that appeared two days before and identified -LRB- but did not name -RRB- a Los Alamos scientist who was believed to have passed along nuclear secrets to the Chinese . 
  K: If believe causes pass then recipient of believe is the same as agent of pass

195.S: Newspapers hate to credit other newspapers . 
  K: If hate causes credit then agent of hate is the same as agent of credit

196.S: Newspapers hate to credit other newspapers . 
  K: If hate causes credit then agent of hate is the same as recipient of credit

197.S: Because that piece was also by Pincus , Chatterbox wo n't bother to set the Indis Hall of Fame timer a-ticking this time out . 
  K: If n't bother causes set then agent of n't bother is the same as agent of set

198.S: On a less lofty plane , it does seem a bit unfair that the Times gets to cover itself with glory over exposing Wen Ho Lee when the Wall Street Journal ran a piece on page A3 -LRB- for breaking news , its version of `` page 1 '' -RRB- by Carla Anne Robbins conveying essentially the same information on Jan. 7 . 
  K: If get causes cover then agent of get is the same as agent of cover

199.S: This fact seems to have eluded the media , as do many facts that appear in the Journal , for the simple reason that the Journal is not available on Nexis . 
  K: If seem causes elude then agent of seem is the same as agent of elude

200.S: The NYT 's take sees the big picture of the budget deficit and of the long-term prospects for Medicare and Social Security , and credits those who worked on the bill with `` political nerve '' while finding the budget process this year marked by a `` notable credibility . '' 
  K: If see causes work then recipient of see is the same as agent of work

201.S: The Post states that the Las Vegas cops are looking at a video tape of the fight and its riotous aftermath , and goes on to report that `` a portion of Holyfield 's ear was recovered by Mitch Libonati , a hotel employee . 
  K: If go causes report then agent of go is the same as agent of report

202.S: On the front page above the fold , the Post reports that after two years of study , the Clinton Administration has just decided not to call for new taxes or regulations on business conducted over the Internet . 
  K: If decide causes not call then agent of decide is the same as agent of not call

203.S: The piece dwells on such issues as the problem of lost sales tax revenue and the export of encryption technologies , and waits until the last paragraph to reveal that this position was reached for the president by Ira Magaziner , who designed his health care plan . 
  K: If wait causes reveal then agent of wait is the same as agent of reveal

204.S: The Los Angeles Times puts it across all six columns of the top of its front page and puts two more related page one stories below . 
  K: If put causes put then agent of put is the same as agent of put

205.S: Among the big papers , the Post is alone in keeping the Mike Tyson story on page one , detailing there how on Monday , Tyson apologized to Evander Holyfield for biting him on both ears . 
  K: If apologize causes Evander_Holyfield then agent of apologize is the same as agent of Evander_Holyfield

206.S: The paper then goes on to relieve whatever anxieties are currently being suffered by libertarian fight fans : `` The president , however , stopped short of suggesting federal intervention in boxing . '' 
  K: If go causes relieve then agent of go is the same as agent of relieve

207.S: USA TODAY 's front section main story makes the point that although the conventional wisdom is that Bill Clinton 's health care proposal was a colossal failure , he has actually in the past two years gotten Congress to pass many provisions congenial to its concepts , one bill at a time . 
  K: If get causes pass then recipient of get is the same as agent of pass

208.S: Two Maryland counties yesterday passed laws requiring safety locks to be included with every handgun sale . 
  K: If require causes include then recipient of require is the same as recipient of include

209.S: A multi-year , rigorous study to be released today finds that women enrolled in one of the nation 's best-funded programs for disadvantaged teenaged mothers still failed to improve their chances of becoming self-sufficient . 
  K: If fail causes improve then agent of fail is the same as agent of improve

210.S: Yes , the top right-hand column of the New York Times tells us that France will give in to President Clinton and agree to limit the expansion of NATO to just three former East Bloc countries for now -LRB- that 's the national edition -- the Metro edition uses that prime print estate for a story about New York Governor Pataki 's decision to abandon a major welfare cutback -RRB- . 
  K: If agree causes limit then agent of agree is the same as agent of limit

211.S: And yes , the Washington Post uses its top right to report `` President , Congress Close in on Tax Deal . '' 
  K: If use causes report then recipient of use is the same as agent of report

212.S: The New York Times puts the Mississippi tobacco story above the fold but leads instead with the announcement that Lockheed intends to buy a rival defense contractor , Northrup/Grumman . 
  K: If intend causes buy then agent of intend is the same as agent of buy

213.S: The Times describes the acquisition as part of a consolidation trend in the defense industry and says that the trend is encouraged by the Clinton administration , but never says why . 
  K: If encourage causes never say then recipient of encourage is the same as agent of never say

214.S: The LAT also has a scoop on the front today -- the revelation that the Pentagon and CIA have worked up a plan for nabbing former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karaszic to bring him up on international war crimes charges . 
  K: If nab causes bring then recipient of nab is the same as agent of bring

215.S: Seems that the investigators neglected to mention `` that 62 percent of the teen-age mothers were 18 or 19 years old and , therefore , like the fathers of their babies , adults . '' 
  K: If neglect causes like then agent of neglect is the same as agent of like

216.S: The saga of the NASA mission leads the Washington Post and is the USA TODAY cover story , but moves over to top center front in the New York Times , which leads instead with developments in Cambodia , the story which also tops the Wall Street Journal 's front non-financial news column . 
  K: If move causes top then agent of move is the same as agent of top

217.S: The Mexico City election is top of the page left at the Post and -LRB- naturally enough , given its large Mexican-American readership -RRB- leads at the Los Angeles Times . 
  K: If leave causes lead then recipient of leave is the same as agent of lead

218.S: USAT describes the mission 's $ 266 million cost as `` bargain-basement , '' but redeems itself by being singularly sensitive to NASA 's PR efforts , noting that the mission team had been `` coached on how to respond to possible questions from reporters about little green men or the ` face on Mars ' -LRB- neither of which came up -RRB- . 
  K: If describe causes note then agent of describe is the same as agent of note

219.S: The Times has another saying , `` If votes begin to count in Mexico , then this is a revolution . '' 
  K: If begin causes count then agent of begin is the same as agent of count

220.S: The NYT has the State Department spokesman 's official position : `` I think the origin of the fighting is sufficiently murky so that we do n't want to shoot arrows at one side or another today . '' 
  K: If n't want causes shoot then agent of n't want is the same as agent of shoot

221.S: If nothing else , the episode allows the Post to trot out this foreign correspondent 's staple phrase -LRB- found , I believe , on key F7 -RRB- : `` the capital appeared calm but tense tonight . '' 
  K: If allow causes trot then recipient of allow is the same as agent of trot

222.S: The story notes that a 1978 federal law bars discrimination based on `` pregnancy , giving birth or a related medical condition , '' but that the court ruled that it did n't apply to her case because caring for a child is a gender-neutral `` social role , '' not a condition related to childbirth . 
  K: If relate causes childbirth then agent of relate is the same as agent of childbirth

223.S: The WP sums up discussions among alliance members concerning what to do about the failure to bring accused Bosnian Serb war criminal Radovan Karadzic to justice this way : `` They refused to propose any changes in the mandate of the NATO-led peacekeeping force to hunt down Karadzic and others who are wanted to stand trial at the Hague war crimes tribunal . '' 
  K: If want causes stand then recipient of want is the same as agent of stand

224.S: The WP sums up discussions among alliance members concerning what to do about the failure to bring accused Bosnian Serb war criminal Radovan Karadzic to justice this way : `` They refused to propose any changes in the mandate of the NATO-led peacekeeping force to hunt down Karadzic and others who are wanted to stand trial at the Hague war crimes tribunal . '' 
  K: If refuse causes propose then agent of refuse is the same as agent of propose

225.S: The drug combination was never approved by the FDA and is believed to be prescribed about 18 million times a month . 
  K: If never approve causes prescribe then recipient of never approve is the same as recipient of prescribe

226.S: The drug combination was never approved by the FDA and is believed to be prescribed about 18 million times a month . 
  K: If believe causes prescribe then recipient of believe is the same as recipient of prescribe

227.S: The change would be to allow people to check more than one race block . 
  K: If allow causes check then recipient of allow is the same as agent of check

228.S: Hearing Impaired The Senate 's political fundraising hearings continue to play big . 
  K: If continue causes play then agent of continue is the same as agent of play

229.S: The New York Times also leads with the hearings , but prefers to stress that members of the investigating committee have learned that Attorney General Janet Reno is opposed to giving Huang immunity from prosecution . 
  K: If prefer causes stress then agent of prefer is the same as agent of stress

230.S: Instead , Sullivan explained , the `` coffees were a tool in helping us motivate and energize the people that we needed to motivate and energize to help us raise the $ 130 million that we wanted to raise . '' 
  K: If need causes energize then agent of need is the same as agent of energize

231.S: Instead , Sullivan explained , the `` coffees were a tool in helping us motivate and energize the people that we needed to motivate and energize to help us raise the $ 130 million that we wanted to raise . '' 
  K: If want causes raise then agent of want is the same as agent of raise

232.S: The USAT headline says he quit , but its text says he was ousted . 
  K: If quit causes oust then agent of quit is the same as recipient of oust

233.S: `` Take the quarrel over whether to admit the Baltic states , '' Chretien said , in remarks that were aired by the Canadian Broadcasting Corp. `` That has nothing to do with world security . 
  K: If Take causes admit then recipient of Take is the same as agent of admit

234.S: The Los Angeles Times leads instead with yesterday 's revelation from the Senate 's campaign fund-raising hearings that two California entrepreneurs got $ 650,000 via separate wire transfers from banks in China and Japan within days of making major donations to the Democratic Party , and relegates the Bosnian operation to a little box below the fold . 
  K: If lead causes relegate then agent of lead is the same as agent of relegate

235.S: The LAT is also above the fold with the news that , despite initial reservations , President Clinton has decided to support a Senate proposal that would raise Medicare premiums for people making more than $ 50,000 . 
  K: If decide causes support then agent of decide is the same as agent of support

236.S: But you have to read the LAT to find out that the Brits were `` posing as Red Cross workers on a humanitarian aid mission . '' 
  K: If read causes find then recipient of read is the same as agent of find

237.S: Initially , the high school that most of the victims attended tried to avoid dwelling on the tragedy via such measures as removing from circulation any textbooks with their signatures in them . 
  K: If try causes avoid then agent of try is the same as agent of avoid

238.S: But school authorities eventually accommodated the desires of surviving students to be protected less and used a showcase in the school lobby for weeklong displays about each crash victim . 
  K: If accommodate causes protect then recipient of accommodate is the same as recipient of protect

239.S: The LAT 's top story is that the leader of the recent coup in Cambodia , Hun Sen , `` promises free and fair elections and urges human rights organizations and the media to continue their work . '' 
  K: If urge causes continue then recipient of urge is the same as agent of continue

240.S: The Washington Post goes with the 2000 Census -LRB- Republicans want to count heads , Democrats want to use statistical sampling -RRB- . 
  K: If want causes use then agent of want is the same as agent of use

241.S: The Washington Post goes with the 2000 Census -LRB- Republicans want to count heads , Democrats want to use statistical sampling -RRB- . 
  K: If want causes use then agent of want is the same as agent of use

242.S: The Washington Post goes with the 2000 Census -LRB- Republicans want to count heads , Democrats want to use statistical sampling -RRB- . 
  K: If want causes use then agent of want is the same as agent of use

243.S: The NYT , LAT , and WP each have front-page pieces about yesterday 's announcement that primarily because of treatment advances , deaths from AIDS continue to drop in the United States . 
  K: If continue causes drop then agent of continue is the same as agent of drop

244.S: The Times goes on to explain that the trends mean more buying power for Americans in Europe and the prevention of further deterioration in the trade balance with Japan . 
  K: If go causes explain then agent of go is the same as agent of explain

245.S: As a result , the Russians are appealing to NASA to let the American -LRB- British-born -RRB- astronaut aboard Mir , Michael Foale , do the job instead . 
  K: If appeal causes let then agent of appeal is the same as agent of let

246.S: NASA is weighing its options and should decide soon . 
  K: If weigh causes decide then agent of weigh is the same as agent of decide

247.S: The Washington Post reports that Russian ground controllers at times appear to be attempting to convince Foale directly to undertake the repairs . 
  K: If attempt causes convince then agent of attempt is the same as agent of convince

248.S: USA Today leads today with a report that the Department of Transportation sent letters to nine major airlines yesterday asking them to explain the procedures they use for making seats available for frequent flier awards . 
  K: If ask causes explain then recipient of ask is the same as agent of explain

249.S: The request was a response to increasing complaints by frequent fliers who say they are too often told they ca n't redeem their miles to go where they want . . 
  K: If want causes n't redeem then agent of want is the same as agent of n't redeem

250.S: The request was a response to increasing complaints by frequent fliers who say they are too often told they ca n't redeem their miles to go where they want . . 
  K: If want causes tell then agent of want is the same as recipient of tell

251.S: And the LAT and WP each have front-page stories on whether or not House Republicans are trying to oust Newt Gingrich -LRB- the players are n't saying -RRB- . 
  K: If try causes oust then agent of try is the same as agent of oust

252.S: Their downfall is often , says the piece , that they like to taunt their pursuers . 
  K: If like causes taunt then agent of like is the same as agent of taunt

253.S: With one exception : The WSJ takes a closer look at the investment advisors who have spent most of the nineties telling their clients to sell . 
  K: If tell causes sell then recipient of tell is the same as agent of sell

254.S: Despite this , NASA announced that it was going to allow the American member of the Mir crew , Michael Foale , to begin training for a repair space walk . 
  K: If go causes allow then agent of go is the same as agent of allow

255.S: Despite this , NASA announced that it was going to allow the American member of the Mir crew , Michael Foale , to begin training for a repair space walk . 
  K: If allow causes begin then recipient of allow is the same as agent of begin

256.S: The Paxon exit is widely seen as fallout from his participation in a failed attempt by House Republicans earlier this week to unseat Newt Gingrich from his Speaker 's post . 
  K: If see causes unseat then recipient of see is the same as agent of unseat

257.S: I mean law professor Michael Rips ' argument that the woman in the Bill Cosby extortion case was n't doing anything illegal -- at least she would n't have been if she 'd done what more sophisticated people do for money every day -- have a lawyer threaten to make the disclosures . 
  K: If threaten causes make then agent of threaten is the same as agent of make

258.S: Herbert notes that NAACP president Kweisi Mfume is not well positioned to lead this fight , having fathered `` five children by four women in 21 months . '' 
  K: If not position causes lead then recipient of not position is the same as agent of lead

259.S: Additionally , in a city with `` acres of abandoned and decrepit housing , '' local officials failed to spend millions in federal block grant money intended to rehabilitate housing for the poor . 
  K: If fail causes spend then agent of fail is the same as agent of spend

260.S: For instance , states the Post , most municipalities use one employee per about 500 to monitor the time cards of other city workers . 
  K: If use causes monitor then recipient of use is the same as agent of monitor

261.S: The WP is carrying an AP story inside today stating that , despite initially agreeing to be questioned by Senate investigators , John Huang 's wife , Jane , has now , like him , decided to take the 5th Amendment . 
  K: If decide causes take then agent of decide is the same as agent of take

262.S: Such comments prompted some committee members to criticize Greenspan for being insensitive to working Americans . 
  K: If prompt causes criticize then recipient of prompt is the same as agent of criticize

263.S: Much of the current political maneuvering has to do with the trivial-seeming detail of who gets to collect the extra premiums . 
  K: If get causes collect then agent of get is the same as agent of collect

264.S: The paper goes on to quote the skeptical response of Rep. Bill Archer , the Republican chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee : `` The only collection arm I know at Treasury is the IRS . '' 
  K: If go causes quote then agent of go is the same as agent of quote

265.S: Carpenter-McMillan goes on to give her opinion of James Carville : `` I love Mary Matalin . 
  K: If go causes give then agent of go is the same as agent of give

266.S: The piece opens with `` before '' and dramatically improved `` after '' writing samples by a 13-year-old boy who just returned from a year there . 
  K: If open causes improve then agent of open is the same as agent of improve

267.S: -LRB- Was there some good reason , by the way , why the Post could n't bring itself to mention that the students in the program are black ? -RRB- 
  K: If n't bring causes mention then recipient of n't bring is the same as agent of mention

268.S: The cops are still trying to determine if any associates of Cunanan helped hide him while he was a fugitive . 
  K: If try causes determine then agent of try is the same as agent of determine

269.S: It 's the company 's biggest -- a seven-seater that retails for $ 8,100 -- and comes with two Moto-Massagers . 
  K: If retail causes come then agent of retail is the same as agent of come

270.S: `` Those are , '' explains the Post , `` the jets that go up and down your back and make you so mellow that it 's advisable not to enter budget talks for at least two hours afterward , lest you agree to scrap capital gains taxes altogether . '' 
  K: If agree causes scrap then agent of agree is the same as agent of scrap

271.S: But today , Chung -- who has refused to cooperate with investigators unless granted immunity from prosecution -- tells the LAT that yes it was . 
  K: If refuse causes cooperate then agent of refuse is the same as agent of cooperate

272.S: The Post oil story is that `` the Clinton administration has decided not to oppose a $ 1.6 billion pipeline that would carry huge quantities of Central Asian natural gas across Iran , the first significant easing of the economic isolation of the Tehran regime , according to U.S. officials and other sources . '' 
  K: If decide causes not oppose then agent of decide is the same as agent of not oppose

273.S: It 's hard to believe that an explosion that vented plutonium into the atmosphere at the country 's largest nuclear weapons storage facility does n't make anybody 's front page , but in fact you have to go inside the LAT and WP to read about the `` near-complete breakdown in emergency response '' at the Hanford Nuclear Reservation two months ago after an accident there , `` exposing workers to a toxic plume and leaving outside authorities unaware of the danger until hours after the event . '' 
  K: If expose causes believe then recipient of expose is the same as agent of believe

274.S: And that 's paltry besides the WP 's 4,000-word front-page effort on the same subject , to which the paper saw fit to assign 14 staffers . 
  K: If fit causes assign then agent of fit is the same as agent of assign

275.S: They seemed to be heading toward a capital gains compromise that would reduce the tax rate but not shield inflation-generated gains from taxation . '' 
  K: If seem causes head then agent of seem is the same as agent of head

276.S: Both sides also are resigned to an increase in cigarette taxes to offset costs of health care for uninsured children . '' 
  K: If resign causes offset then recipient of resign is the same as agent of offset

277.S: According to USAT , `` President Clinton , briefed by aides shortly before he went to play golf in Las Vegas , pronounced the deal ` fabulous . ' '' 
  K: If go causes play then agent of go is the same as agent of play

278.S: The reporting makes it clear that right now , Washington is too busy bi-partying -- the stories describe the Democrats celebrating yesterday on the White House South Lawn , the Republicans on the Capitol steps -- to think much about the morning after . 
  K: If clear causes think then agent of clear is the same as agent of think

279.S: The deal is expected to be voted into law this week so that members of Congress can start their August vacations right on time . 
  K: If expect causes vote then recipient of expect is the same as recipient of vote

280.S: The front section cover story of USAT -- `` Budget Bill Skirts Some Hard Decisions '' -- does a good job of articulating Gephardt-style concerns : `` Left for another day are the specifics of which domestic programs will be cut to meet tight spending targets to balance the budget in 2002 . 
  K: If cut causes meet then recipient of cut is the same as agent of meet

281.S: What 's more , the budget 's most serious looming problem -- the cost of runaway entitlement programs , including Medicare -- was put aside in favor of yet another bipartisan commission to study the issue . '' 
  K: If put causes study then recipient of put is the same as agent of study

282.S: Today 's humor piece about the stock market in 2067 has its moments -LRB- '' ` The absence of liquidity is bound to result in a drop in demand for stocks , ' explained John Huang 3d of Goldman , Sachs/Time-Warner/Defense Department and Company . '' -RRB- 
  K: If bind causes result then recipient of bind is the same as agent of result

283.S: When Yassir Arafat telephoned Benjamin Netanyahu to express his condolences , the Israeli Prime Minister , says USAT , `` responded angrily . '' 
  K: If telephone causes express then recipient of telephone is the same as agent of express

284.S: ` You have to completely change what you are saying and doing . 
  K: If change causes do then agent of change is the same as agent of do

285.S: ` You have to completely change what you are saying and doing . 
  K: If say causes do then agent of say is the same as agent of do

286.S: They were said to have carried their deadly charges in attach , cases , with the result that the lower parts of their bodies were torn away but their faces were curiously intact . 
  K: If say causes carry then recipient of say is the same as agent of carry

287.S: The New York Times leads with the immediate aftermath of the Jerusalem market bombing , and the Washington Post leads with the police raid in Brooklyn that apparently interrupted a plot to blow up subways and buses , a plot with eerie reflections of , if not actual connections to , the Jerusalem slaughter . 
  K: If interrupt causes blow then recipient of interrupt is the same as agent of blow

288.S: The Times says the man later told an interpreter , `` My roommates are going to follow up on Jerusalem . '' 
  K: If go causes follow then agent of go is the same as agent of follow

289.S: The Times says the man later told an interpreter , `` My roommates are going to follow up on Jerusalem . '' 
  K: If go causes follow then agent of go is the same as agent of follow

290.S: The NYT depicts the rapidly disintegrating political relations between Israel and Palestine , reporting that yesterday , Israel `` threatened to send commandos into Palestinian areas and had decreed a series of severe punitive measures against the Palestinian Authority . 
  K: If threaten causes send then agent of threaten is the same as agent of send

291.S: The tax bill , the Journal notices , `` even allows U.S. wine bottlers to continue using names , including port and burgundy , of European wine-producing regions . '' 
  K: If allow causes continue then recipient of allow is the same as agent of continue

292.S: In 1989 , the Piscataway , New Jersey school board , faced with having to lay off one of them , chose to retain the black because she was the only black faculty member in her department . 
  K: If choose causes retain then agent of choose is the same as agent of retain

293.S: Politics has never made stranger bedfellows than in George Will 's WP column in which on libertarian grounds , he defends the right of African-American hair care practitioners to administer unlicensed `` sisterlocks . '' 
  K: If defend causes administer then recipient of defend is the same as agent of administer

294.S: Furthermore , says the Post , `` A statement today that purports to speak for Hamas denied that the group had anything to do with the two Palestinian suspects ... '' And perhaps because policy nuances tend to get lost amidst all the funerals and severed limbs , the statement added that Hamas `` does not act hostilely towards the American people . '' 
  K: If purport causes speak then agent of purport is the same as agent of speak

295.S: Do you think Packwood was thinking about the tax code when he told the Post , `` There 's always moments you miss when you 're not on the inside . '' ? 
  K: If think causes miss then agent of think is the same as agent of miss

296.S: `` Netanyahu Puts Onus on Arafat '' is the Washington Post 's lead , and both the New York Times , the Los Angeles Times and USA Today have front-page stories covering the various diplomatic , military and financial pressures Israel is now bringing to bear on the Palestinian Authority . 
  K: If bring causes bear then agent of bring is the same as agent of bear

297.S: But after that , diversity breaks out : The NYT leads with the news that Clinton administration officials now doubt they will reach an agreement this year to admit China to the World Trade Organization because they have failed to convince President Jiang Zemin to meaningfully open his country 's markets to foreign competition . 
  K: If fail causes convince then agent of fail is the same as agent of convince

298.S: But after that , diversity breaks out : The NYT leads with the news that Clinton administration officials now doubt they will reach an agreement this year to admit China to the World Trade Organization because they have failed to convince President Jiang Zemin to meaningfully open his country 's markets to foreign competition . 
  K: If convince causes open then recipient of convince is the same as agent of open

299.S: The LAT leads with the most ambitious plan yet to use court ordered injunctions against ordinarily legal behavior -LRB- such as using cell phones , and gathering in groups of three or more -RRB- to control L.A. gang activity . 
  K: If order causes control then recipient of order is the same as agent of control

300.S: And USAT 's lead is that the National Institutes of Medicine is going to try to determine whether fallout from Cold War atomic tests may have caused some 75,000 cases of thyroid cancer . 
  K: If go causes try then agent of go is the same as agent of try

301.S: And USAT 's lead is that the National Institutes of Medicine is going to try to determine whether fallout from Cold War atomic tests may have caused some 75,000 cases of thyroid cancer . 
  K: If try causes determine then agent of try is the same as agent of determine

302.S: Already , notes the Journal , they 've tried to remove Norman Ornstein of the American Enterprise Institute , a free-ad advocate , from an FCC advisory panel . 
  K: If try causes remove then agent of try is the same as agent of remove

303.S: The article even takes several paragraphs to explain how to legally beat this new tax . 
  K: If take causes explain then recipient of take is the same as agent of explain

304.S: The article even takes several paragraphs to explain how to legally beat this new tax . 
  K: If explain causes beat then agent of explain is the same as agent of beat

305.S: That column also quotes the suggestion of a Yale Law professor that given this trend , Congress ought to try to raise money for the Federal treasury by offering to name new tax provisions after donors . 
  K: If try causes raise then agent of try is the same as agent of raise

306.S: That column also quotes the suggestion of a Yale Law professor that given this trend , Congress ought to try to raise money for the Federal treasury by offering to name new tax provisions after donors . 
  K: If try causes raise then agent of try is the same as agent of raise

307.S: Now they 're going to snatch them away from me and replace them with aliens or Arabs ? 
  K: If go causes replace then agent of go is the same as agent of replace

308.S: Now they 're going to snatch them away from me and replace them with aliens or Arabs ? 
  K: If snatch causes replace then agent of snatch is the same as agent of replace

309.S: Now they 're going to snatch them away from me and replace them with aliens or Arabs ? 
  K: If snatch causes replace then recipient of snatch is the same as recipient of replace

310.S: The LAT and NYT emphasize Clinton 's announcement that the budget deficit for this fiscal year will be a 23-year low of $ 37 billion , while USAT chooses to stress his comment that he expects to exercise the line-item veto -LRB- a presidential first -RRB- on the budget and tax bills he just signed . 
  K: If choose causes stress then agent of choose is the same as agent of stress

311.S: The LAT and NYT emphasize Clinton 's announcement that the budget deficit for this fiscal year will be a 23-year low of $ 37 billion , while USAT chooses to stress his comment that he expects to exercise the line-item veto -LRB- a presidential first -RRB- on the budget and tax bills he just signed . 
  K: If expect causes exercise then agent of expect is the same as agent of exercise

312.S: In a story that was no doubt press-released to death , somehow only the WP managed to mention that the deal leaves Microsoft with a 7 percent stake in Apple . 
  K: If manage causes mention then agent of manage is the same as agent of mention

313.S: Microsoft would n't elaborate for the Journal except to say `` any payments would be non-material . '' 
  K: If n't elaborate causes say then agent of n't elaborate is the same as agent of say

314.S: The New York Times leads with the development that Maine , Massachusetts , New York and several other `` downwind '' states are pressuring the EPA to crack down on Midwest utilities to reduce current high levels of wind-borne smog . 
  K: If pressure causes crack then recipient of pressure is the same as agent of crack

315.S: The New York Times leads with the development that Maine , Massachusetts , New York and several other `` downwind '' states are pressuring the EPA to crack down on Midwest utilities to reduce current high levels of wind-borne smog . 
  K: If crack causes reduce then agent of crack is the same as agent of reduce

316.S: The top national story in the Los Angeles Times is that scientists have found the first clues to the precise way that the gene responsible for Huntington 's disease causes its devastating effects , which could quickly lead to successful treatments . 
  K: If cause causes lead then recipient of cause is the same as agent of lead

317.S: The NYT goes top of the page with its report that Indiana Sen. Richard Lugar has threatened to make trouble for North Carolina Sen. Jesse Helms ' tobacco interests in upcoming Agriculture committee hearings if Helms does n't grant Mexico Ambassador-nominee William Weld a confirmation hearing . 
  K: If threaten causes make then agent of threaten is the same as agent of make

318.S: Another : One day the Devil meets a new Russian capitalist and offers him anything he wants . 
  K: If meet causes offer then agent of meet is the same as agent of offer

319.S: The man says he wants to pay no import tax , he wants oil fields , he wants tax breaks , etc. . 
  K: If want causes pay then agent of want is the same as agent of pay

320.S: The WP reports that China 's leadership seems to be endorsing economic and political reform for the first time since the Tiananmen Square crackdown . 
  K: If seem causes endorse then agent of seem is the same as agent of endorse

321.S: The Line King The president 's intent to use the line-item veto today for the first time ever leads the Washington Post and gets front-page play at the other majors . 
  K: If lead causes get then agent of lead is the same as agent of get

322.S: The story notes that some types of accidents that used to plague airlines just ten years ago , such as wind shear and midair collisions , have become much less common , but accident rates for approach and landing remain high . 
  K: If use causes plague then agent of use is the same as agent of plague

323.S: What is just as strange is that the Times states that the PLO was represented in the case by Ramsey Clark , but does n't mention that he is a former U.S. Attorney General . 
  K: If state causes n't mention then agent of state is the same as agent of n't mention

324.S: The WP reports that White House aide Sidney Blumenthal plans to sue Internet gossip columnist Matt Drudge over statements Drudge made about him in a recent emailed column . 
  K: If plan causes sue then agent of plan is the same as agent of sue

325.S: The New York Times and Los Angeles Times lead with the AFL-CIO 's open-ended loan to the Teamsters to help during the UPS strike . 
  K: If lead causes help then agent of lead is the same as agent of help

326.S: UPS chairman James Kelly responded with the warning that a two-week strike could mean the layoff of 15,000 union workers and once again called for President Clinton to intervene . 
  K: If mean causes intervene then agent of mean is the same as agent of intervene

327.S: UPS chairman James Kelly responded with the warning that a two-week strike could mean the layoff of 15,000 union workers and once again called for President Clinton to intervene . 
  K: If call causes intervene then agent of call is the same as agent of intervene

328.S: UPS chairman James Kelly responded with the warning that a two-week strike could mean the layoff of 15,000 union workers and once again called for President Clinton to intervene . 
  K: If call causes intervene then agent of call is the same as agent of intervene

329.S: The NYT reports that the American Medical Association has agreed for the first time ever to allow its name to be used in paid endorsements of health-related products -- made by the Sunbeam Corp. . 
  K: If agree causes allow then agent of agree is the same as agent of allow

330.S: The company wants to pull out of the multi-employer Teamster plan it 's in now in favor of a UPS-only one . 
  K: If want causes pull then agent of want is the same as agent of pull

331.S: No wonder , says the paper , that the union tends to downplay the pension debate , saying instead that it 's the company 's heavy use of part-time workers that is really the core issue . 
  K: If tend causes downplay then agent of tend is the same as agent of downplay

332.S: One thing quite unusual about the UPS stoppage , observes the Wall Street Journal , quoting an ABC News poll and one by Fox News , is that for the first time in years , the general public seems to be siding with strikers . 
  K: If seem causes side then agent of seem is the same as recipient of side

333.S: According to the Post , those forthcoming presidential guidelines about religious expression at government jobs will be rather specific , stating for instance , that federal workers `` are allowed to wear religious medallions over their clothes , conduct lunchtime prayer sessions in unused conference rooms , distribute proselytizing brochures to colleagues and keep the Bible or Koran on their desks . '' 
  K: If allow causes distribute then recipient of allow is the same as agent of distribute

334.S: A Boss spokeswoman is quoted as saying , '' ... We 're currently trying to find what was going on . '' 
  K: If try causes find then agent of try is the same as agent of find

335.S: A Boss spokeswoman is quoted as saying , '' ... We 're currently trying to find what was going on . '' 
  K: If try causes find then agent of try is the same as agent of find

336.S: USA Today leads with a follow-up to a story the Wall Street Journal had yesterday -- that the general public tends to support the UPS strikers . 
  K: If tend causes support then agent of tend is the same as agent of support

337.S: The NYC police scandal is a tremendous hazard for Giuliani , who was swept into office promising tougher law enforcement , a promise his administration is widely believed to have kept . 
  K: If believe causes keep then recipient of believe is the same as agent of keep

338.S: He tells the paper he never saw it , and that he repeatedly received assurances that there was no hazard of this sort . 
  K: If never see causes receive then agent of never see is the same as agent of receive

339.S: He tells the paper he never saw it , and that he repeatedly received assurances that there was no hazard of this sort . 
  K: If tell causes receive then agent of tell is the same as agent of receive

340.S: The article goes on to quote Colin Powell as saying that he does n't recall the report and could n't comment about whether he actually received it . 
  K: If go causes quote then agent of go is the same as agent of quote

341.S: The article goes on to quote Colin Powell as saying that he does n't recall the report and could n't comment about whether he actually received it . 
  K: If quote causes n't comment then agent of quote is the same as agent of n't comment

342.S: But a Times editorial today bothers to advise Internet columnist Matt Drudge to be more careful with his facts in the future . 
  K: If bother causes advise then agent of bother is the same as agent of advise

343.S: Imagine a NASA astronaut having the nerve to say such things ! 
  K: If have causes say then recipient of have is the same as agent of say

344.S: The WP runs a piece on an important change in the Georgetown University basketball program -- Coach John Thompson no longer seems to emphasize graduation for his recruits . 
  K: If seem causes emphasize then agent of seem is the same as agent of emphasize

345.S: The NYT continues to pursue the police brutality scandal , with a front-page account of yesterday 's two -LRB- one led by Haitians , one led by mayoral candidate Al Sharpton -RRB- street protests against the cops . 
  K: If continue causes pursue then agent of continue is the same as agent of pursue

346.S: First , upon his arrival for a three-week stay in Martha 's Vineyard , Clinton said , `` It 's my gut feeling they 'll settle , '' and called on both sides to `` redouble their efforts . '' 
  K: If call causes redouble then agent of call is the same as agent of redouble

347.S: What they 're trying to just barely admit is this : It seems that in fact , the New Republic had nothing to do with the quote , that Mr. Blumenthal said it , but -LRB- obviously -RRB- not about himself , and only via a character in a work of fiction that he wrote and that actually that character did n't use the word `` slut '' but the word `` slot . '' 
  K: If try causes admit then recipient of try is the same as agent of admit

348.S: The decision by a New Orleans civil jury in the largest breast implant class action suit to date that Dow Chemical Co. knew that silicone was potentially harmful to humans and conspired to withhold relevant safety data from women gets a lot of front-page play today . 
  K: If conspire causes withhold then agent of conspire is the same as agent of withhold

349.S: In a sort of law of conservation of implants , the LAT front also brings word that the FDA has just approved a new kind of surgical implant for hands that is said to allow quadriplegics to grasp and release objects . 
  K: If say causes allow then recipient of say is the same as agent of allow

350.S: In a sort of law of conservation of implants , the LAT front also brings word that the FDA has just approved a new kind of surgical implant for hands that is said to allow quadriplegics to grasp and release objects . 
  K: If allow causes release then recipient of allow is the same as agent of release

351.S: The paper states that Wiese claimed to be playing with an abandoned puppy elsewhere in the station house when the attack allegedly took place . 
  K: If claim causes play then agent of claim is the same as agent of play

352.S: This all happened after Clinton was advised in a DNC memo to call Smith personally to solicit a contribution . 
  K: If advise causes call then recipient of advise is the same as agent of call

353.S: ` Whether you use the language of the street and call it a shakedown or whether you just call it our system , however you put it , it 's a messy system . ' '' 
  K: If use causes call then agent of use is the same as agent of call

354.S: So it 's refreshing to see articles like the Wall Street Journal lead , which looks at what happened when one company tried to hire welfare recipients to gain tax credits under a bill passed last year as part of welfare reform . 
  K: If try causes hire then agent of try is the same as agent of hire

355.S: So it 's refreshing to see articles like the Wall Street Journal lead , which looks at what happened when one company tried to hire welfare recipients to gain tax credits under a bill passed last year as part of welfare reform . 
  K: If try causes hire then agent of try is the same as agent of hire

356.S: It is widely reported that because of this episode , the Secretary of Agriculture now intends to ask Congress for that closing power . 
  K: If intend causes ask then agent of intend is the same as agent of ask

357.S: And the headlines over that story tend to befog rather than clarify . 
  K: If tend causes befog then agent of tend is the same as agent of befog

358.S: The topic of a fast-track trade bill is technical -- it 's a guarantee that Congress will act quickly to vote up or down any new trade accord rather than lay on amendments -- and it 's non-pressing -- it 's something that the Clinton administration has tried to secure since 1995 and wo n't actively be pursuing for several more weeks until after the president and Congress return from their summer vacations . 
  K: If try causes n't pursue then agent of try is the same as agent of n't pursue

359.S: The topic of a fast-track trade bill is technical -- it 's a guarantee that Congress will act quickly to vote up or down any new trade accord rather than lay on amendments -- and it 's non-pressing -- it 's something that the Clinton administration has tried to secure since 1995 and wo n't actively be pursuing for several more weeks until after the president and Congress return from their summer vacations . 
  K: If secure causes n't pursue then agent of secure is the same as agent of n't pursue

360.S: `` Half the movies released between 1990 and 1995 , '' says the paper , `` featured a major character who chose to light up on screen , a significant increase compared with 29 percent in the 1970 's , according to a recent study at the University of California , San Francisco . '' 
  K: If choose causes light then agent of choose is the same as agent of light

361.S: The Wall Street Journal front-page `` World Wide '' news box refers to an AP story about the head of the World Health Organization saying that cigarette makers now under increasing restrictions in the U.S. should not be allowed to expand into other countries . 
  K: If not allow causes expand then recipient of not allow is the same as agent of expand

362.S: The New York Times goes with a lengthy expose charging that the world 's largest tobacco companies are selling billions of dollars ' worth of cigarettes each year to traders and dealers who funnel them into the black market . 
  K: If sell causes funnel then recipient of sell is the same as agent of funnel

363.S: The article reveals that the government allows people to file false claims with virtual impunity , because of generous rules and a lack of investigators . 
  K: If allow causes file then recipient of allow is the same as agent of file

364.S: But if you try to vote for Marion Barry , you 're ejected into deep space . 
  K: If try causes vote then agent of try is the same as agent of vote

365.S: If you 've been up nights worrying about the disenfranchisement of astronauts , the NYT says relax , reporting that NASA yesterday announced a technology that will allow space-bound astronauts to vote via email from their laptops . 
  K: If allow causes vote then recipient of allow is the same as agent of vote

366.S: No wonder , according to today 's Post , which , based on documents possessed by Senate investigators , reveals that between November 1995 and May 1996 , Gore spoke to at least 46 people from his White House office to solicit individual contributions to the DNC of between $ 25,000 and $ 100,000 . 
  K: If speak causes solicit then agent of speak is the same as agent of solicit

367.S: According to the Post , some wrongs have already been set right in the matter : The DNC has agreed to reimburse the U.S. Treasury for $ 24.20 worth of calls that Gore apparently made but which do not appear on his credit card records . 
  K: If agree causes reimburse then agent of agree is the same as agent of reimburse

368.S: The NYT lead covers a conflict between Washington State 's Sen. Slade Gorton and Native Americans over two riders Gorton got attached to a federal spending bill -LRB- full of provisions favored by the Clinton administration -RRB- that would strip tribes of their current immunity from most lawsuits and would also subject federal aid to tribes to means-testing . 
  K: If attach causes subject then recipient of attach is the same as agent of subject

369.S: Also , Espy ca n't have enjoyed reading in the Times that Don Tyson , the former CEO of one of the companies Espy is accused of receiving an illegal gift from , Tyson Foods , `` has been talking to investigators in exchange for immunity.and he may be called to testify at Espy 's trial . '' 
  K: If call causes testify then recipient of call is the same as agent of testify

370.S: Included among the victims of the news gatherers were police who , in recent years have taken to using the pagers to protect some of their more sensitive communications from media scanners . 
  K: If use causes protect then recipient of use is the same as agent of protect

371.S: The LAT 's lead is that senior U.S. officials including former special envoy for Bosnia , Richard Holbrooke , have supported using NATO troops to defend the president of Bosnia 's Serb republic , Biljana Plavsic , if hard-liners tried to overthrow her . 
  K: If use causes defend then recipient of use is the same as agent of defend

372.S: The LAT 's lead is that senior U.S. officials including former special envoy for Bosnia , Richard Holbrooke , have supported using NATO troops to defend the president of Bosnia 's Serb republic , Biljana Plavsic , if hard-liners tried to overthrow her . 
  K: If try causes overthrow then agent of try is the same as agent of overthrow

373.S: Then the piece goes on to say that NATO forces have helped Plavsic consolidate her control over her country 's police and broadcast media and that Thursday , while continuing to conduct that campaign , they got into a violent confrontation with Bosnian Serb demonstrators . 
  K: If go causes say then agent of go is the same as agent of say

374.S: The really big story on the USAT front is the revelation that the provision in the new budget bill that allows tobacco companies to reduce their liability in smoking-related lawsuits by $ 50 billion was written by.the tobacco companies . 
  K: If allow causes reduce then recipient of allow is the same as agent of reduce

375.S: For those inclined to cut Mike Espy some slack because he 's only charged with taking $ 35,000 worth of stuff , Lewis makes the point that the poultry and processing workers Espy was once supposed to be looking out for make , on average , $ 16,374 a year . 
  K: If suppose causes look then recipient of suppose is the same as agent of look

376.S: But the Post , alone among the majors , also manages to find room for a story that might reasonably be thought equally important : that several hundred Bosnian Serbs attacked nearly 300 heavily armed U.S. troops yesterday . 
  K: If manage causes find then agent of manage is the same as agent of find

377.S: The New York Times tries to rise above the vulgus by giving its lead space to a piece about the coming session of Congress . 
  K: If try causes rise then agent of try is the same as agent of rise

378.S: And the revelation that although at least one photo agency is said to be offering U.S. rights to color photos of the crashed Mercedes , showing Diana covered in blood , the National Enquirer turned down the deal and urged other publications to do the same . 
  K: If say causes offer then recipient of say is the same as agent of offer

379.S: -LRB- The Times 's decision to lead with a trend piece -- that is , a piece that could have run just as well a month from now -- suggests a deep desire not to wallow in Diana . 
  K: If suggest causes not wallow then recipient of suggest is the same as agent of not wallow

380.S: The seven also were said by other journalists to have avoided the spotlight because they had sold their stories of detention to tabloid newspapers and wanted to preserve exclusivity . '' 
  K: If sell causes want then agent of sell is the same as agent of want

381.S: The seven also were said by other journalists to have avoided the spotlight because they had sold their stories of detention to tabloid newspapers and wanted to preserve exclusivity . '' 
  K: If want causes preserve then agent of want is the same as agent of preserve

382.S: The seven also were said by other journalists to have avoided the spotlight because they had sold their stories of detention to tabloid newspapers and wanted to preserve exclusivity . '' 
  K: If want causes preserve then agent of want is the same as agent of preserve

383.S: The seven also were said by other journalists to have avoided the spotlight because they had sold their stories of detention to tabloid newspapers and wanted to preserve exclusivity . '' 
  K: If sell causes want then agent of sell is the same as agent of want

384.S: The seven also were said by other journalists to have avoided the spotlight because they had sold their stories of detention to tabloid newspapers and wanted to preserve exclusivity . '' 
  K: If want causes preserve then agent of want is the same as agent of preserve

385.S: The seven also were said by other journalists to have avoided the spotlight because they had sold their stories of detention to tabloid newspapers and wanted to preserve exclusivity . '' 
  K: If want causes preserve then agent of want is the same as agent of preserve

386.S: The LAT , while keeping up on the Diana front , manages to find more front-page room than most for other hard-news stories . 
  K: If manage causes find then agent of manage is the same as agent of find

387.S: The paper explains that the verdict means that Symington must resign immediately , and also probably means lots of jail time . 
  K: If mean causes mean then agent of mean is the same as agent of mean

388.S: Yesterday 's WP revealed that more than $ 120,000 of the money Al Gore raised in those phone calls from his White House office ended up in an account for `` hard money '' subject to federal election laws , and today 's Post leads with the news that this has prompted Janet Reno to authorize the initial stages of an investigation into Gore 's fund-raising that could result in a special prosecutor being named in the matter . 
  K: If prompt causes authorize then recipient of prompt is the same as agent of authorize

389.S: Yesterday 's WP revealed that more than $ 120,000 of the money Al Gore raised in those phone calls from his White House office ended up in an account for `` hard money '' subject to federal election laws , and today 's Post leads with the news that this has prompted Janet Reno to authorize the initial stages of an investigation into Gore 's fund-raising that could result in a special prosecutor being named in the matter . 
  K: If prompt causes authorize then recipient of prompt is the same as agent of authorize

390.S: Yesterday 's WP revealed that more than $ 120,000 of the money Al Gore raised in those phone calls from his White House office ended up in an account for `` hard money '' subject to federal election laws , and today 's Post leads with the news that this has prompted Janet Reno to authorize the initial stages of an investigation into Gore 's fund-raising that could result in a special prosecutor being named in the matter . 
  K: If prompt causes authorize then recipient of prompt is the same as agent of authorize

391.S: Yesterday 's WP revealed that more than $ 120,000 of the money Al Gore raised in those phone calls from his White House office ended up in an account for `` hard money '' subject to federal election laws , and today 's Post leads with the news that this has prompted Janet Reno to authorize the initial stages of an investigation into Gore 's fund-raising that could result in a special prosecutor being named in the matter . 
  K: If prompt causes authorize then recipient of prompt is the same as agent of authorize

392.S: The Gore phone call controversy was first broken last winter by the WP , but yesterday in their stories on this latest development , neither the LAT nor USA Today -LRB- which placed it prominently : front page , column six , above the fold -RRB- could bring themselves to acknowledge this . 
  K: If bring causes acknowledge then recipient of bring is the same as agent of acknowledge

393.S: USAT , the NYT , the WP , and the LAT all have front pagers today about how the British royal family appears to have underestimated the public affection for Di and the papers worry that , as a result , the royals may never again enjoy true mass appeal . 
  K: If appear causes underestimate then agent of appear is the same as agent of underestimate

394.S: It 's bad enough that we had to take Yakov Smirnoff , but now comes word from the WP that retired Soviet espionage ace Maj. Gen. Oleg Kalugin is seeking a green card . 
  K: If take causes come then agent of take is the same as agent of come

395.S: The Diana media oil slick continues to spread . 
  K: If continue causes spread then agent of continue is the same as agent of spread

396.S: The WP also reveals that gossip bio queen Kitty Kelley 's long-in-the-works book on the royals is done but could n't be rushed out in time for the current Dianamania . 
  K: If do causes n't rush then recipient of do is the same as recipient of n't rush

397.S: The papers generally agree on what was most noteworthy about the day 's events in London : that the outpouring of English public emotion had n't been matched since the end of World War II , that , with its engaged participation in the ceremonies , the royal family seemed to bounce back into public favor , and that Diana 's brother 's remarks were probably among the most frank ever made inside Westminster Abbey . 
  K: If seem causes bounce then agent of seem is the same as agent of bounce

398.S: Some of the reporting on the service is quite a nice throwback to the days when people everywhere depended on newspapers to know what such events were like . 
  K: If depend causes know then agent of depend is the same as agent of know

399.S: But the Post does n't bother to explain whether these glitterati were there because they were friends of Diana 's or were simply exercising the modern celebrity 's nearly universally-recognized right to get any hard ticket . 
  K: If explain causes n't bother then agent of explain is the same as agent of n't bother

400.S: But the Post does n't bother to explain whether these glitterati were there because they were friends of Diana 's or were simply exercising the modern celebrity 's nearly universally-recognized right to get any hard ticket . 
  K: If exercise causes explain then agent of exercise is the same as agent of explain

401.S: In reporting that the Ritz Hotel released security video tape that show Diana and her party leaving the hotel in an apparently orderly manner , the paper quotes an Al-Fayed spokesman 's explanation for doing so : `` The Ritz Hotel has been accused of what amounts to negligence or worse . '' 
  K: If release causes accuse then agent of release is the same as recipient of accuse

402.S: In reporting that the Ritz Hotel released security video tape that show Diana and her party leaving the hotel in an apparently orderly manner , the paper quotes an Al-Fayed spokesman 's explanation for doing so : `` The Ritz Hotel has been accused of what amounts to negligence or worse . '' 
  K: If leave causes accuse then recipient of leave is the same as recipient of accuse

403.S: In reporting that the Ritz Hotel released security video tape that show Diana and her party leaving the hotel in an apparently orderly manner , the paper quotes an Al-Fayed spokesman 's explanation for doing so : `` The Ritz Hotel has been accused of what amounts to negligence or worse . '' 
  K: If leave causes accuse then recipient of leave is the same as recipient of accuse

404.S: In reporting that the Ritz Hotel released security video tape that show Diana and her party leaving the hotel in an apparently orderly manner , the paper quotes an Al-Fayed spokesman 's explanation for doing so : `` The Ritz Hotel has been accused of what amounts to negligence or worse . '' 
  K: If leave causes accuse then recipient of leave is the same as recipient of accuse

405.S: Given that the troubles on the West Bank have not only frosted relations between Arafat and Israel , but also those between Israel and Egypt and between Israel and Saudi Arabia , the paper states that the U.S. is now facing the prospect that the moderate Arab coalition it built after the Persian Gulf war to contain Iraq and Iran is falling apart . 
  K: If build causes contain then agent of build is the same as agent of contain

406.S: The LAT focuses on new dissension within the Israeli government about whether or not Israel should continue to maintain forces in southern Lebanon , dissension fueled when an Israeli commando raid there late last week was ambushed , with twelve deaths the result . 
  K: If continue causes maintain then agent of continue is the same as agent of maintain

407.S: Several papers have word that H and R Block has finally wriggled out of its controlling stake of Compuserve , but it 's the Post with the news that AOL is set to take it over . 
  K: If set causes take then recipient of set is the same as agent of take

408.S: Several papers have word that H and R Block has finally wriggled out of its controlling stake of Compuserve , but it 's the Post with the news that AOL is set to take it over . 
  K: If set causes take then recipient of set is the same as agent of take

409.S: The NYT reports that President Clinton has decided to make national educational standards testing a centerpiece of his second-term agenda . 
  K: If decide causes make then agent of decide is the same as agent of make

410.S: They are estimated to cost $ 22 million to develop . 
  K: If estimate causes cost then recipient of estimate is the same as agent of cost

411.S: The piece also points out a strong reason the lawyers had for urging Jones to take the deal -- they had recently switched to a percentage contingency fee arrangement with her . 
  K: If urge causes take then recipient of urge is the same as agent of take

412.S: USAT has a story about how the royal family offered to restore the title of Her Royal Highness posthumously -LRB- and was turned down by the Spencer family -RRB- . 
  K: If offer causes restore then agent of offer is the same as agent of restore

413.S: USAT has a story about how the royal family offered to restore the title of Her Royal Highness posthumously -LRB- and was turned down by the Spencer family -RRB- . 
  K: If restore causes turn then agent of restore is the same as agent of turn

414.S: Both the NYT and LAT run front-page pieces reporting that on Monday , the Clinton administration decided to allow Conoco to conduct oil drilling on a federal property in Utah where last year , during the election , Clinton established a national monument to protect the wilderness from development . 
  K: If allow causes conduct then recipient of allow is the same as agent of conduct

415.S: And the LAT delves into another aspect of Tamraz 's activities : his secret talks with top aides of -- talk about covering your political bases -- Boris Yeltsin to discuss donating $ 100 million to Yeltsin 's presidential campaign in return for his support for the Caspian oil project . 
  K: If delve causes discuss then recipient of delve is the same as agent of discuss

416.S: The NYT paints a picture in which the Secretary of State 's statements upon arrival emphasizing security drew criticism from Palestinians , but praise from Israelis . 
  K: If draw causes praise then agent of draw is the same as agent of praise

417.S: But the LAT emphasizes instead Netanyahu 's resistance , saying that he `` rebuffed '' Albright 's `` appeal to cease economic restrictions to encourage the Palestinian Authority to crack down on terrorism . '' 
  K: If encourage causes crack then recipient of encourage is the same as agent of crack

418.S: But the LAT emphasizes instead Netanyahu 's resistance , saying that he `` rebuffed '' Albright 's `` appeal to cease economic restrictions to encourage the Palestinian Authority to crack down on terrorism . '' 
  K: If encourage causes crack then recipient of encourage is the same as agent of crack

419.S: Earlier this week , a freshman at Yale , a religious Jew , wrote an NYT op-ed complaining that the casual sex atmosphere of the coed dorms Yale is requiring him to live in meant Yale was forcing him to violate his religious principles . 
  K: If require causes live then recipient of require is the same as agent of live

420.S: Earlier this week , a freshman at Yale , a religious Jew , wrote an NYT op-ed complaining that the casual sex atmosphere of the coed dorms Yale is requiring him to live in meant Yale was forcing him to violate his religious principles . 
  K: If force causes violate then recipient of force is the same as agent of violate

421.S: This morning 's effort by Brian Duffy and Bob Woodward reports that Janet Reno and the directors of the FBI , the CIA , and the National Security Agency yesterday told members of the Thompson committee that they had credible intelligence indicating that Ted Sioeng , a prominent Los Angeles-based businessman , acted on behalf of China to influence 1996 election races via illegal campaign contributions . 
  K: If act causes influence then agent of act is the same as agent of influence

422.S: The WSJ `` Washington Wire '' reports that the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration `` advises its staff not to comment on inquiries about whether Princess Diana could have survived her car crash if she had worn a seat belt . '' 
  K: If advise causes not comment then recipient of advise is the same as agent of not comment

423.S: The Times declares the dramatic $ 368.5 billion tobacco deal , which promised to revolutionize the marketing and regulation of cigarettes when it was proposed three months ago , `` all but dead . '' 
  K: If promise causes revolutionize then agent of promise is the same as agent of revolutionize

424.S: The paper reports that although the White House helped shaped the deal , it has steadily backed away from it -- so much so that President Clinton is being urged by advisors to offer only a general outline of a national tobacco policy rather than a detailed piece of legislation . 
  K: If urge causes offer then recipient of urge is the same as agent of offer

425.S: The paper reports that although the White House helped shaped the deal , it has steadily backed away from it -- so much so that President Clinton is being urged by advisors to offer only a general outline of a national tobacco policy rather than a detailed piece of legislation . 
  K: If urge causes offer then recipient of urge is the same as agent of offer

426.S: The paper reports that although the White House helped shaped the deal , it has steadily backed away from it -- so much so that President Clinton is being urged by advisors to offer only a general outline of a national tobacco policy rather than a detailed piece of legislation . 
  K: If urge causes offer then recipient of urge is the same as agent of offer

427.S: The paper reports that although the White House helped shaped the deal , it has steadily backed away from it -- so much so that President Clinton is being urged by advisors to offer only a general outline of a national tobacco policy rather than a detailed piece of legislation . 
  K: If urge causes offer then recipient of urge is the same as agent of offer

428.S: The LAT has a front-page piece about one somewhat surprising consequence of the Army sex scandals : the service is planning to put into effect very soon new physical training standards for women that are much closer to male norms . 
  K: If plan causes put then agent of plan is the same as agent of put

429.S: The Times also covers the fundraising scandal in its lead editorial , which says that in light of all the recent revelations , Janet Reno 's continued failure to call for an special counsel `` looks like a political blocking operation to protect President Clinton and Mr. Gore . '' 
  K: If look causes protect then agent of look is the same as agent of protect

430.S: The editorial goes on to call for a special counsel and says it would be a political subterfuge to limit him/her to Mr. Gore . 
  K: If go causes call then agent of go is the same as agent of call

431.S: The immigration study , prepared by the Rand Corp. warns that the increasingly skill-based California economy can not continue to absorb large flows of poorly educated immigrants and calls on Congress to : reduce new legal immigrant admissions to `` a moderate range , '' allow the rate of immigration to fluctuate with general economic conditions , and add education levels and English proficiency as admission criteria . 
  K: If not continue causes absorb then agent of not continue is the same as agent of absorb

432.S: The immigration study , prepared by the Rand Corp. warns that the increasingly skill-based California economy can not continue to absorb large flows of poorly educated immigrants and calls on Congress to : reduce new legal immigrant admissions to `` a moderate range , '' allow the rate of immigration to fluctuate with general economic conditions , and add education levels and English proficiency as admission criteria . 
  K: If allow causes fluctuate then recipient of allow is the same as agent of fluctuate

433.S: It identifies the company 's chairman by name and says also that Ray Kelly , the former NYC chief of police , used to run the firm 's New York operations , but does not elaborate on the following fascinating tidbit : `` The promotion brochure features veteran investigative reporters who now work for IGI . '' 
  K: If identify causes say then agent of identify is the same as agent of say

434.S: It identifies the company 's chairman by name and says also that Ray Kelly , the former NYC chief of police , used to run the firm 's New York operations , but does not elaborate on the following fascinating tidbit : `` The promotion brochure features veteran investigative reporters who now work for IGI . '' 
  K: If use causes run then agent of use is the same as agent of run

435.S: The Post reports that Dade County , Florida , passed an ordinance last year -- the first of its kind in the country -- requiring businesses with more than 100 parking spaces to provide at least two spots for `` stroller parking . '' 
  K: If require causes provide then recipient of require is the same as agent of provide

436.S: `` How about special parking zones for golfers who need to lug heavy golf bags to the clubhouse ? '' 
  K: If need causes lug then agent of need is the same as agent of lug

437.S: The WP also comments that doctors do n't think pregnant women need special access , and in fact , some doctors advise them to park far away from stores , for the extra exercise . 
  K: If advise causes park then recipient of advise is the same as agent of park

438.S: Instead , aides say , he will wait for bills to emerge from Congress and try to influence them . 
  K: If wait causes emerge then agent of wait is the same as agent of emerge

439.S: Instead , aides say , he will wait for bills to emerge from Congress and try to influence them . 
  K: If try causes influence then agent of try is the same as agent of influence

440.S: To teach government officials how to avoid , override , and even take advantage of line-item-veto threats to their budgets . 
  K: If teach causes avoid then recipient of teach is the same as agent of avoid

441.S: The LAT reports that Heslin 's voice was `` full of anger '' as she described being called a `` Girl Scout '' when she resisted what she saw as inappropriate attempts to help Tamraz . 
  K: If see causes help then recipient of see is the same as agent of help

442.S: One of the stories he includes is how Israel 's Yediot newspaper recently went to Moscow and bought Russian spy satellite photographs of new Scud missile bases in Syria , and then hired a private U.S. expert on satellite photos to analyze the pictures . 
  K: If buy causes hire then agent of buy is the same as agent of hire

443.S: One of the stories he includes is how Israel 's Yediot newspaper recently went to Moscow and bought Russian spy satellite photographs of new Scud missile bases in Syria , and then hired a private U.S. expert on satellite photos to analyze the pictures . 
  K: If go causes hire then agent of go is the same as agent of hire

444.S: Tamrazmatazz Roger Tamraz leads at the Washington Post -- and grabs plenty of front-page space elsewhere . 
  K: If lead causes grab then agent of lead is the same as agent of grab

445.S: Al Kamen 's WP column states that , when Sen. John Ashcroft took to the Senate floor on Wednesday to argue for defunding the NEA , he quoted approvingly from the work of NEA critic and frequent LAT contributor Jan Breslauer . 
  K: If take causes argue then agent of take is the same as agent of argue

446.S: Kamen points out that Ashcroft did n't mention Breslauer also recently wrote a piece for Playboy called `` Stacked Like Me '' describing her recent decision to perk up her boring life by getting 34D breast implants . 
  K: If call causes perk then recipient of call is the same as agent of perk

447.S: This news comes on the heels of Reno 's decision two weeks ago to take the same look at Al Gore . 
  K: If come causes take then agent of come is the same as agent of take

448.S: It 's dominating the Sunday papers , which in turn set the agenda for the Sunday political talk shows . 
  K: If dominate causes set then recipient of dominate is the same as agent of set

449.S: True , it has the understandable problem of trying to be clear about describing schemes that were designed to be murky , but it does n't help that the story does n't even begin to explain until the 26th paragraph why the Teamster fund-raising deals in question were illegal , and even then none too clearly . 
  K: If n't begin causes explain then agent of n't begin is the same as agent of explain

450.S: Is n't the relevant law that the union ca n't donate money to either candidate , and hence ca n't create schemes that do that while appearing to be donations from somebody else ? 
  K: If n't donate causes n't create then agent of n't donate is the same as agent of n't create

451.S: They used to freely share numbers , but now they charge each other through the nose . 
  K: If use causes charge then agent of use is the same as agent of charge

452.S: They used to freely share numbers , but now they charge each other through the nose . 
  K: If share causes charge then agent of share is the same as agent of charge

453.S: The result is that AT&T and many regional phone companies are now attempting to compile their own data bases from other sources , like credit card files , DMV records , etc. -- with decidedly mixed results . 
  K: If attempt causes compile then agent of attempt is the same as agent of compile

454.S: The NYT lead tells of the inauguration on Oct. 1 of a federally administered `` vast database '' of all new hires in jobs nationwide that is expected to yield a considerable increase -- possibly billions -- in the payment of child support . 
  K: If expect causes yield then recipient of expect is the same as agent of yield

455.S: That 's because states will be able to use the directory to locate deadbeat parents and dun them , typically by getting court orders that force their employers to deduct the owed child support from paychecks . 
  K: If force causes deduct then recipient of force is the same as agent of deduct

456.S: The inquiry will look into whether the agency is overzealous in its use of liens and levies , and tends to pick on small `` mom and pop '' returns that are less likely to mean a challenge to the IRS in court -- rather than major corporations . 
  K: If tend causes pick then agent of tend is the same as agent of pick

457.S: Some of the new management measures include software programs that allow managers to track which Web sites employees are visiting during work , and the provision of stripped-down computers that do n't take games , and a software package called `` Antigame , '' that scans office PC networks for games and zaps them . 
  K: If allow causes track then recipient of allow is the same as agent of track

458.S: Sen. Lauch Faircloth became so incensed earlier this year when he caught members of his staff playing PC games in the office that he has introduced an amendment to a pending bill that would require federal agencies to remove any games installed on their computers and prohibit the purchase of new computers that have games pre-installed . 
  K: If remove causes prohibit then agent of remove is the same as agent of prohibit

459.S: Sen. Lauch Faircloth became so incensed earlier this year when he caught members of his staff playing PC games in the office that he has introduced an amendment to a pending bill that would require federal agencies to remove any games installed on their computers and prohibit the purchase of new computers that have games pre-installed . 
  K: If require causes prohibit then recipient of require is the same as agent of prohibit

460.S: Sen. Lauch Faircloth became so incensed earlier this year when he caught members of his staff playing PC games in the office that he has introduced an amendment to a pending bill that would require federal agencies to remove any games installed on their computers and prohibit the purchase of new computers that have games pre-installed . 
  K: If remove causes prohibit then agent of remove is the same as agent of prohibit

461.S: The Senate has unanimously approved the amendment , which now awaits House action . 
  K: If approve causes await then recipient of approve is the same as agent of await

462.S: The paper points out that Clinton is trying to address the former problem by ensuring that a $ 4.5-billion annual nontest-explosion research program will adequately maintain the nation 's nuke stockpile . 
  K: If try causes address then agent of try is the same as agent of address

463.S: goes out to the LAT for its headline over today 's installment of the paper 's series on political fund raising : `` Where Big Donors Tread , Big Favors Seem to Follow . '' 
  K: If Favor causes Follow then recipient of Favor is the same as agent of Follow

464.S: goes out to the LAT for its headline over today 's installment of the paper 's series on political fund raising : `` Where Big Donors Tread , Big Favors Seem to Follow . '' 
  K: If Favor causes Follow then recipient of Favor is the same as agent of Follow

465.S: At the Los Angeles Times , it 's the announcement -LRB- made while Al Gore was in Moscow on a state visit -RRB- that Russia has promised to stop making weapons-grade plutonium . 
  K: If promise causes stop then agent of promise is the same as agent of stop

466.S: The bi-partisan McCain-Feingold campaign reform bill , which would ban unregulated `` soft money '' donations , and which has been languishing in the Senate for quite a while , got a new lease on life Tuesday when President Clinton threatened in a letter to Majority Leader Trent Lott to force Congress to stay in session to vote on the measure . 
  K: If threaten causes force then agent of threaten is the same as agent of force

467.S: The paper says the comments were designed to counter congressional Republicans who want to cut off spending for the mission , and to calm the fears of allies , who do n't want to station their troops in Bosnia without ours . 
  K: If design causes counter then recipient of design is the same as agent of counter

468.S: The paper says the comments were designed to counter congressional Republicans who want to cut off spending for the mission , and to calm the fears of allies , who do n't want to station their troops in Bosnia without ours . 
  K: If n't want causes station then agent of n't want is the same as agent of station

469.S: The WP reports that the U.S. and Japan have just agreed formally to expand their security alliance , resulting in Japan 's highest military profile in Asia since World War II . 
  K: If agree causes expand then agent of agree is the same as agent of expand

470.S: The NYT reports that a surprising witness appeared before a NYC City Council hearing on police reform : former NYPD whistleblowing cop Frank Serpico , who called for an independent police monitoring board to investigate police wrongdoing and `` create an atmosphere where the crooked cop fears the honest cop , and not the other way around . '' 
  K: If call causes create then agent of call is the same as agent of create

471.S: The WP media column points out that coverage of the Marv Albert trial seems to be filling journalism 's OJ void . 
  K: If seem causes fill then agent of seem is the same as agent of fill

472.S: The Wall St. news is that Travelers Group announced yesterday a $ 9 billion deal in which it will acquire Salomon Inc. and merge it with its Smith Barney unit , thereby creating the nation 's second-largest investment bank . 
  K: If acquire causes merge then agent of acquire is the same as recipient of merge

473.S: This deal , says the Post , gives Salomon `` cachet '' overseas and `` brings together two of the liveliest personalities in finance today : Travelers Chairman Sanford I. Weill , respected as one of Wall Street 's savviest dealmakers , and billionaire investor Warren E. Buffett ... '' Also , the Post gets so caught up it quoted one Wall St. guru as saying the merged company has `` all the ingredients to be competitive with the bulge-bracket firms , '' but forgets to explain what that term means . 
  K: If forget causes explain then agent of forget is the same as agent of explain

474.S: Leave it to USAT to be detached enough from the buzz of it all to wonder if the resultant dwindling number of competitors in the brokerage field will lead to higher costs for individual investors . 
  K: If Leave causes USAT then recipient of Leave is the same as agent of USAT

475.S: Leave it to USAT to be detached enough from the buzz of it all to wonder if the resultant dwindling number of competitors in the brokerage field will lead to higher costs for individual investors . 
  K: If USAT causes detach then agent of USAT is the same as recipient of detach

476.S: She testified that she commonly finds herself going after taxpayers in her Texas territory whose homes lack air conditioning , forcing her to wonder why she is there . 
  K: If force causes wonder then recipient of force is the same as agent of wonder

477.S: She testified that she commonly finds herself going after taxpayers in her Texas territory whose homes lack air conditioning , forcing her to wonder why she is there . 
  K: If force causes wonder then recipient of force is the same as agent of wonder

478.S: She testified that she commonly finds herself going after taxpayers in her Texas territory whose homes lack air conditioning , forcing her to wonder why she is there . 
  K: If force causes wonder then recipient of force is the same as agent of wonder

479.S: She testified that she commonly finds herself going after taxpayers in her Texas territory whose homes lack air conditioning , forcing her to wonder why she is there . 
  K: If force causes wonder then recipient of force is the same as agent of wonder

480.S: She testified that she commonly finds herself going after taxpayers in her Texas territory whose homes lack air conditioning , forcing her to wonder why she is there . 
  K: If force causes wonder then recipient of force is the same as agent of wonder

481.S: She testified that she commonly finds herself going after taxpayers in her Texas territory whose homes lack air conditioning , forcing her to wonder why she is there . 
  K: If force causes wonder then recipient of force is the same as agent of wonder

482.S: She testified that she commonly finds herself going after taxpayers in her Texas territory whose homes lack air conditioning , forcing her to wonder why she is there . 
  K: If force causes wonder then recipient of force is the same as agent of wonder

483.S: It seems that Hersh had based his project on a cache of secret papers that were said to provide the strongest evidence yet for such long-rumored Camelot dung as a prior JFK marriage , his relationship with the Mob and his agreement to pay hundreds of thousands of dollars in hush money to his lover Marilyn Monroe . 
  K: If say causes provide then recipient of say is the same as agent of provide

484.S: And both papers noted that the local chapter of the NAACP voted not to support or participate in the ceremonies . 
  K: If vote causes participate then agent of vote is the same as agent of participate

485.S: The LAT and USAT continue pressing on the IRS story , with leads describing yesterday 's testimony , in which a number of current agents , speaking from behind a screen , their voices electronically altered , blew the whistle on the agency 's shady practices ; and in which the acting commissioner , Michael Dolan , continued to apologize and pledge reform . 
  K: If continue causes pledge then agent of continue is the same as agent of pledge

486.S: This finding is said to have upset relations between the U.S. and Egypt . 
  K: If say causes upset then recipient of say is the same as agent of upset

487.S: The company , says the paper , prefers to sweep its dirt under the rug to protect its dominant share of the testing business instead of spending the money to tighten security . 
  K: If prefer causes sweep then agent of prefer is the same as agent of sweep

488.S: In the wake of its handling of the Marv Albert story , Friday 's column asked the WP to clarify its policy on naming names . 
  K: If ask causes clarify then recipient of ask is the same as agent of clarify

489.S: Experts tend to implicate increased environmental exposure to carcinogens . 
  K: If tend causes implicate then agent of tend is the same as agent of implicate

490.S: So they came up with the concept of a `` touch-up call '' in which Clinton would call potential donors and talk about everything but money . 
  K: If call causes talk then agent of call is the same as agent of talk

491.S: It was easy to get Clinton to make touch-up calls , a Democratic fund-raiser told the paper : `` The president loves to schmooze on the phone . '' 
  K: If love causes schmooze then agent of love is the same as agent of schmooze

492.S: It was easy to get Clinton to make touch-up calls , a Democratic fund-raiser told the paper : `` The president loves to schmooze on the phone . '' 
  K: If love causes schmooze then agent of love is the same as agent of schmooze

493.S: It was easy to get Clinton to make touch-up calls , a Democratic fund-raiser told the paper : `` The president loves to schmooze on the phone . '' 
  K: If love causes schmooze then agent of love is the same as agent of schmooze

494.S: It was easy to get Clinton to make touch-up calls , a Democratic fund-raiser told the paper : `` The president loves to schmooze on the phone . '' 
  K: If love causes schmooze then agent of love is the same as agent of schmooze

495.S: The increasingly sad straits of those at or near the bottom of the economy is not the only report topic that the Post chooses to downplay . 
  K: If choose causes downplay then agent of choose is the same as agent of downplay

496.S: So he prevailed upon his father -- Thomas Dewey 's son -- to write a letter of complaint to MGM chairman and CEO Frank Mancuso . 
  K: If prevail causes write then agent of prevail is the same as agent of write

497.S: The New York Times goes with Republican doubts about the prospects for President Clinton 's fast-track trade bill , and the Los Angeles Times leads with the House 's refusal to allow the Census Bureau to use modern statistical methods in the 2000 census . 
  K: If allow causes use then recipient of allow is the same as agent of use

498.S: The LAT census lead says that the House 's vote against allowing sampling techniques in the census might ensure an inaccurate count and cost California a billion dollars in lost revenue . 
  K: If ensure causes cost then agent of ensure is the same as agent of cost

499.S: Ross had never held elective office before and got the nod mostly on the strength of her New Republic cover story savaging Bill Clinton 's health care reform plan , which was widely credited with helping to sink it . 
  K: If savage causes credit then recipient of savage is the same as recipient of credit

500.S: It straight-out says `` The Democratic National Committee quietly transferred at least $ 32 million to state Democratic parties in the last election as part of an elaborate plan to spend more money than federal election law appeared to allow on a massive advertising campaign that indirectly helped re-elect President Clinton . '' 
  K: If appear causes allow then agent of appear is the same as agent of allow

501.S: The paper makes it clear that the strategy was directed not independently by the state parties but centrally by the campaign . 
  K: If direct causes centrally then recipient of direct is the same as recipient of centrally

502.S: The Times story has this juicy detail indicating that there were some worries inside the campaign about the scheme 's propriety : During the campaign , senior Clinton aide Harold Ickes pressed for an indemnification clause in the media consultants ' contract that would have forced the consultants to pay any fines levied if the plan was found to be illegal . 
  K: If force causes pay then recipient of force is the same as agent of pay

503.S: -LRB- Both the NYT and LAT report that he told the head of MCI that if he wanted to join WorldCom he 'd have to come to work earlier . -RRB- 
  K: If want causes join then agent of want is the same as agent of join

504.S: The NYT also reveals that one of the attorneys Gore has hired to help with his mounting problems is doing the work pro bono . 
  K: If hire causes help then agent of hire is the same as agent of help

505.S: The core problem apparently was that the FBI wanted to focus on the president , vice president , and other senior officials , but the Justice Department attorneys wanted a `` bottom up '' investigation . 
  K: If want causes focus then agent of want is the same as agent of focus

506.S: Guystock The New York Times leads with the news that some insurance companies are skirting the new law that 's supposed to guarantee available health coverage to millions of Americans who change jobs or who have pre-existing conditions . 
  K: If suppose causes guarantee then recipient of suppose is the same as agent of guarantee

507.S: The NYT insurance story is dramatic proof of a gaping hole in last year 's Kennedy-Kassebaum bill , which was viewed at the time as taking the first important step towards universal coverage : namely , the bill says insurance companies have to extend coverage to those they had tended to cut off , but it does n't say the companies ca n't gouge them for it . 
  K: If tend causes cut then agent of tend is the same as agent of cut

508.S: The paper describes the event as one of the largest gatherings ever in the nation 's capital and one of the biggest religious gatherings in the nation 's history , and says the crowd numbered `` perhaps a half-million people . '' 
  K: If describe causes say then agent of describe is the same as agent of say

509.S: One woman comments to the paper that she was `` surprised by how clean-cut and how educated '' the Promise Keepers were . 
  K: If surprise causes educate then recipient of surprise is the same as recipient of educate

510.S: According to the piece , `` the man behind the firm handshake and barely gray hair is steadily , surely ebbing away '' and `` appears to recognize few people other than his wife . '' 
  K: If appear causes recognize then agent of appear is the same as agent of recognize

511.S: The Post points out that such tapes were ostensibly covered by congressional committee subpoenas going back to last January , while the WSJ adds that Senate investigators had previously been told that no such tapes existed . 
  K: If cover causes exist then recipient of cover is the same as agent of exist

512.S: USAT , the NYT and the LAT each report that one segment of the tapes appears to show then-DNC Chairman Don Fowler being offered five checks by an unidentified attendee . 
  K: If appear causes show then agent of appear is the same as agent of show

513.S: USAT reports that campaign finance hearing chairman Sen. Fred Thompson calls this episode a deliberate effort to `` delay and obstruct . '' 
  K: If call causes obstruct then agent of call is the same as agent of obstruct

514.S: -LRB- Question : Is Janet Reno Orthodox or is she merely Reform and hence could have lifted the receiver if she 'd been called at home ? -RRB- 
  K: If Reform causes lift then agent of Reform is the same as agent of lift

515.S: The LAT continues to work a Clinton fund-raising scandal it broke and still has all to itself : the news that a 1991 10-day Asian trip taken by then-DNC chairman Ron Brown was designed to raise funds for the DNC from foreign lobbyists and investors . 
  K: If design causes raise then recipient of design is the same as agent of raise

516.S: The LAT continues to work a Clinton fund-raising scandal it broke and still has all to itself : the news that a 1991 10-day Asian trip taken by then-DNC chairman Ron Brown was designed to raise funds for the DNC from foreign lobbyists and investors . 
  K: If continue causes work then agent of continue is the same as agent of work

517.S: Today 's story focuses on a memo written to Brown by a party aide pitching the trip , which contains such tidbits as that `` John Huang has offered to host an event in Hong King with a goal of $ 50,000 , '' and `` if we take the trip as proposed , we will raise at least $ 100,000 . '' 
  K: If offer causes host then agent of offer is the same as agent of host

518.S: The paper reports that the focus of the investigation is whether Microsoft is trying to prevent personal computer manufacturers from shipping new machines loaded with the Windows operating system from also being factory loaded with any non-MS Internet browser . 
  K: If try causes prevent then agent of try is the same as agent of prevent

519.S: But responsibility was the last thing Netanyahu was hoping to take , and his goal was far more than assassination . 
  K: If hope causes take then agent of hope is the same as agent of take

520.S: The NYT 's lead reports that President Clinton denies that the coffee tapes mandated the appointment of an outside counsel and repeats that the failure to turn over the tapes in a more timely manner was a `` simple mistake , not deliberate defiance . '' 
  K: If mandate causes repeat then agent of mandate is the same as agent of repeat

521.S: The Post 's campaign finance lead is that a Pennsylvania landfill company has pleaded guilty to funneling $ 129,000 in illegal corporate donations to ten political candidates -- including the presidential campaigns of Clinton and Bob Dole -- and agreed to pay a record $ 8 million fine . 
  K: If agree causes pay then agent of agree is the same as agent of pay

522.S: The Post 's campaign finance lead is that a Pennsylvania landfill company has pleaded guilty to funneling $ 129,000 in illegal corporate donations to ten political candidates -- including the presidential campaigns of Clinton and Bob Dole -- and agreed to pay a record $ 8 million fine . 
  K: If agree causes pay then agent of agree is the same as agent of pay

523.S: The Post 's campaign finance lead is that a Pennsylvania landfill company has pleaded guilty to funneling $ 129,000 in illegal corporate donations to ten political candidates -- including the presidential campaigns of Clinton and Bob Dole -- and agreed to pay a record $ 8 million fine . 
  K: If agree causes pay then agent of agree is the same as agent of pay

524.S: The Post 's campaign finance lead is that a Pennsylvania landfill company has pleaded guilty to funneling $ 129,000 in illegal corporate donations to ten political candidates -- including the presidential campaigns of Clinton and Bob Dole -- and agreed to pay a record $ 8 million fine . 
  K: If agree causes pay then agent of agree is the same as agent of pay

525.S: The NYT reports that today , the Clinton administration will announce that it has persuaded handgun manufacturers to provide child-safety locks with all their products . 
  K: If persuade causes provide then recipient of persuade is the same as agent of provide

526.S: In recent testimony , the fed chairman had suggested that the American economy has entered some new sort of anti-inflationary era where tremendous increases in productivity enable companies to absorb cost increases they would have formerly passed along as price increases . 
  K: If enable causes absorb then recipient of enable is the same as agent of absorb

527.S: In recent testimony , the fed chairman had suggested that the American economy has entered some new sort of anti-inflationary era where tremendous increases in productivity enable companies to absorb cost increases they would have formerly passed along as price increases . 
  K: If enable causes absorb then agent of enable is the same as recipient of absorb

528.S: ` Shelby told me he 's been through four publishers and does n't want to do this anymore , ' said Metro Editor Leo Wolinsky . 
  K: If tell causes n't want then agent of tell is the same as agent of n't want

529.S: Mark intends to get involved with everything ... He 's thrown a hand grenade into the middle of the system . 
  K: If intend causes involve then agent of intend is the same as recipient of involve

530.S: And the Los Angeles Times leads with President Clinton 's call for Hollywood to avoid making drugs look cool . 
  K: If lead causes avoid then agent of lead is the same as agent of avoid

531.S: Perhaps the most plausible explanation offered is this : American criminals increasingly tend to commit violent crimes rather than non-violent ones . 
  K: If tend causes commit then agent of tend is the same as agent of commit

532.S: , and says that although some experts have discredited the papers , others continue to insist on their authenticity -- despite the discovery of such anachronisms as mention of a ZIP code and evidence of lift-off correcting tape . 
  K: If continue causes insist then agent of continue is the same as agent of insist

533.S: Senate conservatives , led by Jesse Helms , says the Times , do n't want to pay too much of the total expansion bill , but European politicians , who need to cut their deficits to qualify for the Eurodollar , are not much inclined to pick up the slack . 
  K: If n't want causes pay then agent of n't want is the same as agent of pay

534.S: Senate conservatives , led by Jesse Helms , says the Times , do n't want to pay too much of the total expansion bill , but European politicians , who need to cut their deficits to qualify for the Eurodollar , are not much inclined to pick up the slack . 
  K: If not incline causes pick then recipient of not incline is the same as agent of pick

535.S: Senate conservatives , led by Jesse Helms , says the Times , do n't want to pay too much of the total expansion bill , but European politicians , who need to cut their deficits to qualify for the Eurodollar , are not much inclined to pick up the slack . 
  K: If need causes cut then agent of need is the same as agent of cut

536.S: The French , not to be outdone , intend to pay nothing extra . 
  K: If intend causes pay then agent of intend is the same as agent of pay

537.S: Murray says that the question dominating the White House debate between the environmentalists and the economists , the question that President Clinton is faced with , is , `` How much should the nation sacrifice now to buy insurance against threats in the future ? '' 
  K: If sacrifice causes buy then agent of sacrifice is the same as agent of buy

538.S: If the economy is good , people will pay extra for gas , and what the Journal tends to downplay is that almost all the environmental controls implemented thus far have proven to be good for business . 
  K: If tend causes downplay then recipient of tend is the same as agent of downplay

539.S: The Post story includes this explanation for why the White House Communications Agency , `` a military unit that provides the president with secure communications , '' originally did n't produce the coffee tapes : the WHCA 's chief of staff got the full memo requesting any such videos , but when he put it into an e-mail format to send it to his boss , the agency 's director , he accidentally omitted the first two pages . 
  K: If put causes send then recipient of put is the same as recipient of send

540.S: The NYT states and powerfully describes a new division among people with AIDS -- that between those who can afford the powerful new medications like protease inhibitors that promise to transform AIDS from a fatal to a merely chronic disease , and those who can not . 
  K: If promise causes transform then agent of promise is the same as agent of transform

541.S: The Wall Street Journal 's `` Work Week '' column notes that for employees who like to surf the Internet at work , Tripod Inc. 's Web site has a `` panic button '' for use when the boss shows up . 
  K: If like causes surf then agent of like is the same as agent of surf

542.S: By contrast , USAT had said she was being advised to stop investigating . 
  K: If advise causes stop then recipient of advise is the same as agent of stop

543.S: A wrinkle in all this , reports the NYT , is that the Oregon legislature had already decided to put the question to the voters again , so another by-mail referendum currently underway will probably be concluded before the original law can take effect . 
  K: If decide causes put then agent of decide is the same as agent of put

544.S: Last spring , the Wall Street Journal reported that Chrysler had adopted a policy of requiring magazines where it advertised to give it advance notice and pre-publication content summaries of controversial articles . 
  K: If advertise causes give then agent of advertise is the same as agent of give

545.S: The FBI , who had been monitoring this woman based on spotty information from East German intelligence files , intercepted the letter and forged a reply inviting her to spy for South Africa . 
  K: If invite causes spy then recipient of invite is the same as agent of spy

546.S: The LAT 's Reno lead emphasizes her revelation to the committee that she has agreed not to close out any line of fund-raising inquiry unless FBI Director Freeh also agrees . 
  K: If not close causes agree then agent of not close is the same as agent of agree

547.S: USAT also stresses this , calling it an `` extraordinary arrangement , '' but then goes on to quote a Justice spokesman saying that Reno and Freeh have entered into such agreements before . 
  K: If go causes quote then agent of go is the same as agent of quote

548.S: And the New York Times goes with news that major car insurers plan to raise rates for sports utility vehicles . 
  K: If plan causes raise then agent of plan is the same as agent of raise

549.S: The decision was made by a federal maritime commission and could be overturned by Clinton . 
  K: If make causes overturn then recipient of make is the same as recipient of overturn

550.S: Yesterday , the WP reports , President Clinton used his newfound line-item veto to kill a provision that would have allowed many federal workers to switch to a different pension system , boosting their annuities but costing taxpayers about $ 854 million over five years . 
  K: If allow causes switch then recipient of allow is the same as agent of switch

551.S: The Times wonders whether the adjustments will hurt oversize vehicle sales , but goes on to observe that their owners are perhaps too prosperous to be affected , reporting that the typical Chevrolet Suburban buyer is now more affluent than the typical Cadillac buyer , and that the average household buying a Range Rover or Lexus LX450 makes $ 360,000 a year . 
  K: If go causes observe then agent of go is the same as agent of observe

552.S: According to the story , during Jiang 's visit , China will pledge to end sales of cruise missiles to Iran and will receive , in return for its promise to stop all support for nuclear programs in Iran and Pakistan , permission to purchase nuclear-power equipment from American firms . 
  K: If pledge causes end then agent of pledge is the same as agent of end

553.S: The WP front page reports that the agreement to loosen up Japanese port procedures for U.S. vessels worked out on Friday with Japanese shipping companies under the threat of banning them from U.S. ports is widely believed by American trade officials and experts to demonstrate that every so often , to achieve trade fairness , Tokyo must be `` hit with the economic equivalent of a two-by-four . '' 
  K: If believe causes demonstrate then recipient of believe is the same as agent of demonstrate

554.S: The NYT uses the latest round of presidential videotapes to serve up a one-two anti-Clinton punch . 
  K: If use causes serve then recipient of use is the same as agent of serve

555.S: The paper 's lead editorial says that a December 7 , 1995 tape on which President Clinton tells contributors that the DNC 's issue ads were being used to drive up his poll numbers and that the DNC was being used to avoid the $ 1,000 limit on individual contributions to candidate ads `` is smoking with evidence . '' 
  K: If use causes drive then recipient of use is the same as agent of drive

556.S: The paper 's lead editorial says that a December 7 , 1995 tape on which President Clinton tells contributors that the DNC 's issue ads were being used to drive up his poll numbers and that the DNC was being used to avoid the $ 1,000 limit on individual contributions to candidate ads `` is smoking with evidence . '' 
  K: If use causes avoid then recipient of use is the same as agent of avoid

557.S: This was a local story that became a national one when Israel 's earlier pronouncement that he could not be extradited had appeared to threaten U.S.-Israeli relations . 
  K: If appear causes threaten then agent of appear is the same as agent of threaten

558.S: The NYT lead explains that Rep. Bill Archer , chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee , is seizing on the recent uproar over IRS misbehavior to put forward a legislative evergreen suddenly considered to have a good shot at passage : a plan to shift the burden of proof in tax disputes from the taxpayer to the IRS . 
  K: If seize causes put then agent of seize is the same as agent of put

559.S: Civil liberties groups , says the paper , vow to fight any reduction in a prisoner 's right to file FOIA requests . 
  K: If vow causes fight then agent of vow is the same as agent of fight

560.S: Everybody makes it clear that the central bone of contention is Microsoft 's practice of requiring PC makers to include its Internet Explorer browsing software on each computer sold with MS 's Windows operating system . 
  K: If require causes include then recipient of require is the same as agent of include

561.S: In parentheses , the section adds : ` provided , however , that this provision in and of itself shall not be construed to prohibit Microsoft from developing integrated products . ' '' 
  K: If not construe causes prohibit then recipient of not construe is the same as agent of prohibit

562.S: And the WP has the detail that the DOJ says at least three unnamed computer manufacturers were turned down when they asked Microsoft for permission either to remove the Internet Explorer browser entirely or just the desktop icon for it . 
  K: If ask causes remove then recipient of ask is the same as agent of remove

563.S: Justice says , according to the Post , that in 1996 , Microsoft threatened to withhold Windows 95 from one of the country 's largest computer makers if it did n't include Internet Explorer . 
  K: If threaten causes withhold then agent of threaten is the same as agent of withhold

564.S: Question : Is it sloppy writing or just paranoia that leads the WSJ to state that `` for years , '' Microsoft has required personal computer makers that license Windows 95 to also install Internet Explorer ? 
  K: If license causes install then recipient of license is the same as agent of install

565.S: Question : Is it sloppy writing or just paranoia that leads the WSJ to state that `` for years , '' Microsoft has required personal computer makers that license Windows 95 to also install Internet Explorer ? 
  K: If license causes install then recipient of license is the same as agent of install

566.S: Question : Is it sloppy writing or just paranoia that leads the WSJ to state that `` for years , '' Microsoft has required personal computer makers that license Windows 95 to also install Internet Explorer ? 
  K: If license causes install then recipient of license is the same as agent of install

567.S: Question : Is it sloppy writing or just paranoia that leads the WSJ to state that `` for years , '' Microsoft has required personal computer makers that license Windows 95 to also install Internet Explorer ? 
  K: If license causes install then recipient of license is the same as agent of install

568.S: Question : Is it sloppy writing or just paranoia that leads the WSJ to state that `` for years , '' Microsoft has required personal computer makers that license Windows 95 to also install Internet Explorer ? 
  K: If license causes install then recipient of license is the same as agent of install

569.S: And ever since , report the papers , the White House has been looking for a face-saving way to sign on . 
  K: If look causes sign then agent of look is the same as agent of sign

570.S: President Clinton is expected to endorse all this , although , the Times points out , nobody has explained how these new rights would be enforced . 
  K: If expect causes endorse then recipient of expect is the same as agent of endorse

571.S: More detail comes to light today about the Justice Department 's case against Microsoft . 
  K: If come causes light then agent of come is the same as agent of light

572.S: The WP says that the White House is trying to neutralize the coffee videos by getting the release of a 1996 ABC News tape in which candidate Bob Dole admits that the RNC was financing ads that were helping his campaign . 
  K: If try causes neutralize then agent of try is the same as agent of neutralize

573.S: The New York Times does better , explaining that Hong Kong sought to support its faltering currency by sharply raising overnight interest rates , to 300 percent . 
  K: If seek causes support then agent of seek is the same as agent of support

574.S: But the Times also says many market analysts believe that lower stock prices are a good buying opportunity , and would bring stability to the U.S. stock market . 
  K: If say causes bring then agent of say is the same as agent of bring

575.S: USAT reports that Bob Dole , responding to recent disclosures about his use of soft money-fueled presidential campaign ads , has offered to testify at the Senate fund-raising hearings . 
  K: If offer causes testify then agent of offer is the same as agent of testify

576.S: Sen. Fred Thompson , says the paper , will invite both Dole and Bill Clinton to testify . 
  K: If invite causes testify then recipient of invite is the same as agent of testify

577.S: The WP summarizes the rally 's agenda : investigation of the CIA 's role in `` allowing black communities to be flooded with crack cocaine , '' programs to help women prisoners make the transition back to society , the establishment of black independent schools , and the release of political prisoners . 
  K: If allow causes flood then recipient of allow is the same as recipient of flood

578.S: Meanwhile , a Times front-page piece details how Jiang loves to break into song and play the piano and recite poetry , all of which , says the paper , `` points to an unpredictable , wacky side . '' 
  K: If love causes play then agent of love is the same as agent of play

579.S: The WP does some good deconstruction of the Jiang visit , pointing out that his laying of a wreath at Pearl Harbor 's Arizona memorial was designed to remind Americans that China was once a military ally , and noting that the full military honors Jiang received upon his arrival in Hawaii were one of China 's requirements for agreeing to a U.S. summit . 
  K: If design causes remind then recipient of design is the same as agent of remind

580.S: The story is supposed to be that the celebrated Indonesian gardener and his wife told Senate investigators this summer how they really came to donate $ 450,000 to the DNC . 
  K: If come causes donate then agent of come is the same as agent of donate

581.S: The story is supposed to be that the celebrated Indonesian gardener and his wife told Senate investigators this summer how they really came to donate $ 450,000 to the DNC . 
  K: If come causes donate then agent of come is the same as agent of donate

582.S: And fraught with trouble : imagine what will happen when rich people can pay to instantly smarten themselves but poor people ca n't . 
  K: If pay causes smarten then agent of pay is the same as agent of smarten

583.S: Then the Journal tries to take the temperature of people off the Street , but in doing so , demonstrates a bit of a tin ear about the typical investor , since the paper immediately comes up with a West Hollywood hair stylist getting his Mercedes Benz washed , and a New York psychotherapist who spent a session calming a patient thinking about selling . 
  K: If try causes take then agent of try is the same as agent of take

584.S: Unless they 're carrying their own long positions , they make money on their transactions either way . 
  K: If carry causes make then agent of carry is the same as agent of make

585.S: Everybody 's coverage continues to focus heavily on the DJIA , which is a basket of only 30 stocks , some of them hardly key players in the emerging world economy , instead of broader market measures like the S&P 500 . 
  K: If continue causes focus then agent of continue is the same as agent of focus

586.S: But what seems to make the biggest impression on the dailies was the extraordinary shoulder-to-shoulder dispute over China 's human rights record between the two men at their joint press conference . 
  K: If seem causes make then agent of seem is the same as agent of make

587.S: The New York Times sees things a little more starkly , saying that the public disagreement `` appeared to broaden the gulf between the two powers on human rights . '' 
  K: If appear causes broaden then agent of appear is the same as agent of broaden

588.S: Also , the Post says that the deal calls for China to `` curb , '' and the Times says it calls for China to `` abandon , '' its Iran nuke program , but the WSJ explains that China agreed merely not to engage in any `` new '' cooperative programs with Iran , but will be completing two projects already underway there . 
  K: If call causes curb then agent of call is the same as agent of curb

589.S: Also , the Post says that the deal calls for China to `` curb , '' and the Times says it calls for China to `` abandon , '' its Iran nuke program , but the WSJ explains that China agreed merely not to engage in any `` new '' cooperative programs with Iran , but will be completing two projects already underway there . 
  K: If call causes abandon then agent of call is the same as agent of abandon

590.S: The U.S. is considering a response and discussing the situation with its allies . 
  K: If consider causes discuss then agent of consider is the same as agent of discuss

591.S: The LAT front-page account of all this depicts Gingrich in a somewhat more ironic light , quoting the Speaker as saying that in his discussions with Jiang , he saw `` no defense of dictatorship '' of the sort the Soviets used to make . 
  K: If use causes make then agent of use is the same as agent of make

592.S: Today 's NYT Indonesian aid package lead fits the mold that so often applies when the Times decides to lead with an international finance story -- not only is the story not anybody else 's lead , but it does n't even make any other major 's front page . 
  K: If fit causes apply then recipient of fit is the same as agent of apply

593.S: Back to that California Supreme Court decision about fetal injuries : if the Court is consistent , should n't we also expect to see decisions allowing kids to sue their moms for prenatal smoking , drinking , and drugging ? 
  K: If allow causes sue then recipient of allow is the same as agent of sue

594.S: The `` mistakes '' came in this way : when Jiang was asked why the Communist Party had chosen confrontation over dialogue in 1989 , he replied , `` It goes without saying that naturally we may have shortcomings and even make some mistakes in our work , however we 've been working on a constant basis to improve our work . '' 
  K: If work causes improve then agent of work is the same as agent of improve

595.S: The Times seems to take the applause as crowd approval of Jiang , but is n't it more likely that the crowd was applauding the power of raucous American protest instead ? 
  K: If seem causes take then agent of seem is the same as agent of take

596.S: Is n't it amazing that they all waited to retire before telling us how they really feel ? 
  K: If wait causes retire then agent of wait is the same as agent of retire

597.S: The WP reports that the Supreme Court has agreed to address for the first time ever the validity of polygraph evidence . 
  K: If agree causes address then agent of agree is the same as agent of address

598.S: The NYT reports that a certain segment of the population is furious about the case of the 19-year-old woman convicted of killing the baby in her charge and wants to do something about it . 
  K: If report causes want then agent of report is the same as agent of want

599.S: The auditors tried this in 109 calls and got improper information in 96 of them . 
  K: If try causes get then agent of try is the same as agent of get

600.S: Yesterday the NYT charted its own course and ignored Jiang 's oblique remark at Harvard about `` mistakes '' his government has made . 
  K: If chart causes ignore then agent of chart is the same as agent of ignore

601.S: The New York Times leads with the emerging Republican congressional campaign against Clinton administration small-scale health care reform -- and sticks the 209 victory deep inside , on p. 13 of the national edition . 
  K: If care causes stick then agent of care is the same as agent of stick

602.S: The WP mentions another factor that could lead to further legal challenge : 209 bans `` preferential treatment '' but does not define it . 
  K: If mention causes not define then agent of mention is the same as agent of not define

603.S: The Wall Street Journal runs a front-page feature about a group of Allendale , South Carolina women with children who are striving to hold down the jobs that have gotten them off welfare . 
  K: If strive causes hold then agent of strive is the same as agent of hold

604.S: The White House , the paper reports , has warned Saddam Hussein that time is running out for him to avoid `` firm action . '' 
  K: If run causes avoid then agent of run is the same as agent of avoid

605.S: Prior to yesterday , the paper explains , this rider was required because independent sellers could not be forced to charge the price in question . 
  K: If not force causes charge then recipient of not force is the same as agent of charge

606.S: -LRB- The Air Force will study and fly the aircraft , the DOD says . -RRB- 
  K: If study causes fly then agent of study is the same as agent of fly

607.S: Back to those MIGS for a minute : Note that our `` threat reduction '' money is n't being used to buy back similarly capable aircraft , such as the F-15s in the inventories of such combustible countries as Pakistan and Turkey . 
  K: If n't use causes buy then recipient of n't use is the same as agent of buy

608.S: He says he still believes the government was behind the disaster , but he has told the FBI that he is no longer actively investigating . 
  K: If say causes investigate then agent of say is the same as agent of investigate

609.S: He says he still believes the government was behind the disaster , but he has told the FBI that he is no longer actively investigating . 
  K: If believe causes investigate then agent of believe is the same as agent of investigate

610.S: The piece goes on to point out that in the past three years , CIA officers have been caught spying in , and kicked out of , at least four other countries : Germany , France , Italy and India . 
  K: If go causes point then agent of go is the same as agent of point

611.S: The paper reports that the vote count was looking so unfavorable that the president cut short his trip to the opening of the Bush presidential library in Texas -- where he got a ringing endorsement for the bill from George Bush -- so he could return to work the phones to lobby members of Congress . 
  K: If return causes work then agent of return is the same as agent of work

612.S: The paper reports that the vote count was looking so unfavorable that the president cut short his trip to the opening of the Bush presidential library in Texas -- where he got a ringing endorsement for the bill from George Bush -- so he could return to work the phones to lobby members of Congress . 
  K: If work causes lobby then recipient of work is the same as agent of lobby

613.S: The paper reports that the vote count was looking so unfavorable that the president cut short his trip to the opening of the Bush presidential library in Texas -- where he got a ringing endorsement for the bill from George Bush -- so he could return to work the phones to lobby members of Congress . 
  K: If return causes work then agent of return is the same as agent of work

614.S: The paper reports that the vote count was looking so unfavorable that the president cut short his trip to the opening of the Bush presidential library in Texas -- where he got a ringing endorsement for the bill from George Bush -- so he could return to work the phones to lobby members of Congress . 
  K: If work causes lobby then recipient of work is the same as agent of lobby

615.S: The paper reports that the vote count was looking so unfavorable that the president cut short his trip to the opening of the Bush presidential library in Texas -- where he got a ringing endorsement for the bill from George Bush -- so he could return to work the phones to lobby members of Congress . 
  K: If return causes work then agent of return is the same as agent of work

616.S: The paper reports that the vote count was looking so unfavorable that the president cut short his trip to the opening of the Bush presidential library in Texas -- where he got a ringing endorsement for the bill from George Bush -- so he could return to work the phones to lobby members of Congress . 
  K: If work causes lobby then recipient of work is the same as agent of lobby

617.S: The paper reports that the vote count was looking so unfavorable that the president cut short his trip to the opening of the Bush presidential library in Texas -- where he got a ringing endorsement for the bill from George Bush -- so he could return to work the phones to lobby members of Congress . 
  K: If get causes return then agent of get is the same as agent of return

618.S: The paper reports that the vote count was looking so unfavorable that the president cut short his trip to the opening of the Bush presidential library in Texas -- where he got a ringing endorsement for the bill from George Bush -- so he could return to work the phones to lobby members of Congress . 
  K: If return causes work then agent of return is the same as agent of work

619.S: The paper reports that the vote count was looking so unfavorable that the president cut short his trip to the opening of the Bush presidential library in Texas -- where he got a ringing endorsement for the bill from George Bush -- so he could return to work the phones to lobby members of Congress . 
  K: If work causes lobby then recipient of work is the same as agent of lobby

620.S: The paper reports that the vote count was looking so unfavorable that the president cut short his trip to the opening of the Bush presidential library in Texas -- where he got a ringing endorsement for the bill from George Bush -- so he could return to work the phones to lobby members of Congress . 
  K: If return causes work then agent of return is the same as agent of work

621.S: The paper reports that the vote count was looking so unfavorable that the president cut short his trip to the opening of the Bush presidential library in Texas -- where he got a ringing endorsement for the bill from George Bush -- so he could return to work the phones to lobby members of Congress . 
  K: If work causes lobby then recipient of work is the same as agent of lobby

622.S: The paper reports that the vote count was looking so unfavorable that the president cut short his trip to the opening of the Bush presidential library in Texas -- where he got a ringing endorsement for the bill from George Bush -- so he could return to work the phones to lobby members of Congress . 
  K: If return causes work then agent of return is the same as agent of work

623.S: The paper reports that the vote count was looking so unfavorable that the president cut short his trip to the opening of the Bush presidential library in Texas -- where he got a ringing endorsement for the bill from George Bush -- so he could return to work the phones to lobby members of Congress . 
  K: If work causes lobby then recipient of work is the same as agent of lobby

624.S: And yet much of the reportage describes how , at the eleventh hour , the White House is striving to meet those needs . 
  K: If strive causes meet then agent of strive is the same as agent of meet

625.S: Sleaze in high places seems to be the order of the day : the NYT runs an op-ed by historian Michael Beschloss about the pros and cons of Oval Office taping that includes a conversation between LBJ and Abe Fortas in which the married Fortas tells the president that he 's out with a `` beautiful lady in red '' who 's not his wife and that `` We 're doing good , and I 'm going to try to do bad before the evening 's over . '' 
  K: If go causes try then agent of go is the same as agent of try

626.S: Sleaze in high places seems to be the order of the day : the NYT runs an op-ed by historian Michael Beschloss about the pros and cons of Oval Office taping that includes a conversation between LBJ and Abe Fortas in which the married Fortas tells the president that he 's out with a `` beautiful lady in red '' who 's not his wife and that `` We 're doing good , and I 'm going to try to do bad before the evening 's over . '' 
  K: If go causes try then agent of go is the same as agent of try

627.S: Sleaze in high places seems to be the order of the day : the NYT runs an op-ed by historian Michael Beschloss about the pros and cons of Oval Office taping that includes a conversation between LBJ and Abe Fortas in which the married Fortas tells the president that he 's out with a `` beautiful lady in red '' who 's not his wife and that `` We 're doing good , and I 'm going to try to do bad before the evening 's over . '' 
  K: If go causes try then agent of go is the same as agent of try

628.S: Sleaze in high places seems to be the order of the day : the NYT runs an op-ed by historian Michael Beschloss about the pros and cons of Oval Office taping that includes a conversation between LBJ and Abe Fortas in which the married Fortas tells the president that he 's out with a `` beautiful lady in red '' who 's not his wife and that `` We 're doing good , and I 'm going to try to do bad before the evening 's over . '' 
  K: If go causes try then agent of go is the same as agent of try

629.S: Sleaze in high places seems to be the order of the day : the NYT runs an op-ed by historian Michael Beschloss about the pros and cons of Oval Office taping that includes a conversation between LBJ and Abe Fortas in which the married Fortas tells the president that he 's out with a `` beautiful lady in red '' who 's not his wife and that `` We 're doing good , and I 'm going to try to do bad before the evening 's over . '' 
  K: If go causes try then agent of go is the same as agent of try

630.S: Sleaze in high places seems to be the order of the day : the NYT runs an op-ed by historian Michael Beschloss about the pros and cons of Oval Office taping that includes a conversation between LBJ and Abe Fortas in which the married Fortas tells the president that he 's out with a `` beautiful lady in red '' who 's not his wife and that `` We 're doing good , and I 'm going to try to do bad before the evening 's over . '' 
  K: If go causes try then agent of go is the same as agent of try

631.S: Sleaze in high places seems to be the order of the day : the NYT runs an op-ed by historian Michael Beschloss about the pros and cons of Oval Office taping that includes a conversation between LBJ and Abe Fortas in which the married Fortas tells the president that he 's out with a `` beautiful lady in red '' who 's not his wife and that `` We 're doing good , and I 'm going to try to do bad before the evening 's over . '' 
  K: If go causes try then agent of go is the same as agent of try

632.S: Sleaze in high places seems to be the order of the day : the NYT runs an op-ed by historian Michael Beschloss about the pros and cons of Oval Office taping that includes a conversation between LBJ and Abe Fortas in which the married Fortas tells the president that he 's out with a `` beautiful lady in red '' who 's not his wife and that `` We 're doing good , and I 'm going to try to do bad before the evening 's over . '' 
  K: If go causes try then agent of go is the same as agent of try

633.S: According to the WP , President Clinton is urging the U.N. to put enough pressure on Iraq to compel Saddam Hussein to give internal access once again to the U.N. weapons inspection teams . 
  K: If compel causes give then recipient of compel is the same as agent of give

634.S: According to the WP , President Clinton is urging the U.N. to put enough pressure on Iraq to compel Saddam Hussein to give internal access once again to the U.N. weapons inspection teams . 
  K: If urge causes put then recipient of urge is the same as agent of put

635.S: According to the WP , President Clinton is urging the U.N. to put enough pressure on Iraq to compel Saddam Hussein to give internal access once again to the U.N. weapons inspection teams . 
  K: If compel causes give then recipient of compel is the same as agent of give

636.S: According to the WP , President Clinton is urging the U.N. to put enough pressure on Iraq to compel Saddam Hussein to give internal access once again to the U.N. weapons inspection teams . 
  K: If compel causes give then recipient of compel is the same as agent of give

637.S: Meanwhile , says the paper , Hussein made a statement on Iraqi television that appeared to be bucking up his countrymen to continue the impasse . 
  K: If appear causes buck then agent of appear is the same as agent of buck

638.S: USAT and the LAT both report that the fast-track roll call will probably take place early Monday morning , and that Clinton seemed unable to persuade enough House Democrats to vote his way and so the emphasis has turned towards the hunt for Republican votes . 
  K: If persuade causes vote then recipient of persuade is the same as agent of vote

639.S: USAT and the LAT both report that the fast-track roll call will probably take place early Monday morning , and that Clinton seemed unable to persuade enough House Democrats to vote his way and so the emphasis has turned towards the hunt for Republican votes . 
  K: If persuade causes vote then recipient of persuade is the same as agent of vote

640.S: The au pair reversal of fortune leads USA Today -- and takes lot of prime front-page space elsewhere . 
  K: If lead causes take then agent of lead is the same as agent of take

641.S: USAT reports that the U.S. appears to have accepted a milder U.N. resolution against Iraq than it originally hoped for , largely because France and Russia would n't go for stronger language . 
  K: If appear causes accept then agent of appear is the same as agent of accept

642.S: The Washington Post leads with the news that the FBI overlooked evidence it had collected of China 's attempts to influence domestic politics . 
  K: If collect causes influence then agent of collect is the same as agent of influence

643.S: The Times points out that this non-action could hamstring U.S. efforts to forge a strong U.N. agreement on action against Iraq , and could hurt the IMF 's attempts to contain the Asian economic crisis . 
  K: If hamstring causes hurt then agent of hamstring is the same as agent of hurt

644.S: USAT reports that the White House is seeking to broaden support for military action against Iraq . 
  K: If seek causes broaden then agent of seek is the same as agent of broaden

645.S: The NYT emphasizes diplomacy too , stating that Iraq on Sunday sent signals it did not want a military confrontation with the U.S. , and that the U.S. had persuaded Russia to have a go at pressing Hussein diplomatically to back down . 
  K: If press causes back then recipient of press is the same as agent of back

646.S: `` We 're going to stretch the envelope as far as we can and chip away at 209 , '' is the word in the story from Nate Miley , city councilman and vice mayor of Oakland . 
  K: If go causes stretch then agent of go is the same as agent of stretch

647.S: The WP , NYT , and LAT report that the Clinton administration is quietly trying to negotiate with Saddam Hussein by offering to loosen the current constraints on what he can buy with his oil proceeds if he will let the UN inspection team back in . 
  K: If try causes negotiate then agent of try is the same as agent of negotiate

648.S: The NYT says that at least 70 people , mostly foreign tourists , were killed yesterday outside an ancient temple in an attack by Islamic militants , who have for five years been trying to overthrow the moderate Mubarak government . 
  K: If try causes overthrow then agent of try is the same as agent of overthrow

649.S: The WP has an intriguing detail about the release of Wei Jingshang : namely that China signaled the U.S. last month that he would be allowed to leave the country if Jiang Zemin 's visit here went well . 
  K: If allow causes leave then recipient of allow is the same as agent of leave

650.S: Russia 's foreign minister met in Moscow , say the papers , with the Iraqi Deputy Premier and emerged to say that Russia has `` a program '' to resolve the UN showdown with Iraq that will allow weapons inspectors to return to their work there . 
  K: If emerge causes say then agent of emerge is the same as agent of say

651.S: Russia 's foreign minister met in Moscow , say the papers , with the Iraqi Deputy Premier and emerged to say that Russia has `` a program '' to resolve the UN showdown with Iraq that will allow weapons inspectors to return to their work there . 
  K: If allow causes return then recipient of allow is the same as agent of return

652.S: The big news there is that Egypt 's largest fundamentalist terrorist group has claimed credit for the atrocity , saying that it was undertaken to seize hostages to trade for the cleric imprisoned in the U.S. for plotting to blow up NYC landmarks . 
  K: If seize causes trade then recipient of seize is the same as agent of trade

653.S: The big news there is that Egypt 's largest fundamentalist terrorist group has claimed credit for the atrocity , saying that it was undertaken to seize hostages to trade for the cleric imprisoned in the U.S. for plotting to blow up NYC landmarks . 
  K: If undertake causes seize then recipient of undertake is the same as agent of seize

654.S: The big news there is that Egypt 's largest fundamentalist terrorist group has claimed credit for the atrocity , saying that it was undertaken to seize hostages to trade for the cleric imprisoned in the U.S. for plotting to blow up NYC landmarks . 
  K: If seize causes trade then recipient of seize is the same as agent of trade

655.S: The Wall Street Journal reports that an activist 's TV commercial urging viewers to cut back on Christmas materialism by participating in `` Buy Nothing Day '' has been rejected by the major broadcast networks -LRB- it has been accepted by CNN -RRB- . 
  K: If urge causes cut then recipient of urge is the same as agent of cut

656.S: But only the LAT seems to notice what Hussein might have accomplished in his three uninspected weeks : the production of `` 350 liters -- about 92 gallons -- of anthrax a week . 
  K: If seem causes notice then agent of seem is the same as agent of notice

657.S: The Post reports that Clinton intends to call on all U.S. health insurers to adopt standards , endorsed yesterday by a presidential commission , for easier patient access to treatment , better health care information flow and improved appeals procedures . 
  K: If intend causes call then agent of intend is the same as agent of call

658.S: The Post reports that Clinton intends to call on all U.S. health insurers to adopt standards , endorsed yesterday by a presidential commission , for easier patient access to treatment , better health care information flow and improved appeals procedures . 
  K: If call causes adopt then agent of call is the same as agent of adopt

659.S: The father 's quote : `` God gave us those kids and he wants us to raise them , '' makes everybody 's story . 
  K: If want causes raise then recipient of want is the same as agent of raise

660.S: The father 's quote : `` God gave us those kids and he wants us to raise them , '' makes everybody 's story . 
  K: If want causes raise then recipient of want is the same as agent of raise

661.S: It seems that one morning in 1965 , the University of Virginia awoke to discover a cow perched on the dome of the school 's Rotunda , fifty feet above the ground . 
  K: If awake causes discover then agent of awake is the same as agent of discover

662.S: The paper reports that some specialists doubt the claim by the septuplet 's OB/GYN that she used the same dosage of fertility drug that she had used previously to produce the mom 's prior child . 
  K: If use causes produce then agent of use is the same as agent of produce

663.S: -LRB- The perfect gift for someone too decomposed to really enjoy the Lincoln Bedroom . -RRB- 
  K: If decompose causes enjoy then agent of decompose is the same as agent of enjoy

664.S: The collapse could have major negative impacts on Asian markets , though the Bank of Japan is stepping in with financial backing to protect Yamaichi 's investors . 
  K: If step causes protect then agent of step is the same as agent of protect

665.S: USAT also front-pages the item , and says Saddam 's 47 palaces form the bulk of the contested sites . 
  K: If front causes say then agent of front is the same as agent of say

666.S: A WSJ editorial takes its cue from the standoff , using it to decry the weakening of the U.S. military . 
  K: If use causes decry then recipient of use is the same as agent of decry

667.S: The LAT has two front-pagers : The lead says summit heads want to reassure global investors of Asia 's stability ; the other story claims the public is pressuring Japan to rescue its ailing banks . 
  K: If pressure causes rescue then recipient of pressure is the same as agent of rescue

668.S: The LAT has two front-pagers : The lead says summit heads want to reassure global investors of Asia 's stability ; the other story claims the public is pressuring Japan to rescue its ailing banks . 
  K: If want causes reassure then agent of want is the same as agent of reassure

669.S: The program teaches the value of `` secular , democratic government '' ; Iran wants to nullify these teachings , and gain a foothold in Europe through the Muslims . 
  K: If want causes gain then agent of want is the same as agent of gain

670.S: Ceding , Censoring , Consuming The New York Times and the Los Angeles Times lead with the Israeli cabinet 's approval of plans to withdraw from the West Bank . 
  K: If lead causes withdraw then agent of lead is the same as agent of withdraw

671.S: The Israeli cabinet agreed in principle to cede more land to Palestinians . 
  K: If agree causes cede then agent of agree is the same as agent of cede

672.S: The NYT piece frames this as do-nothing action , designed to temporarily quiet demands coming simultaneously from the Israeli right-wing , Palestinians , and the U.S. -LRB- which is pressing Netanyahu to cede land quickly -RRB- . 
  K: If press causes cede then recipient of press is the same as agent of cede

673.S: A front-page NYT story says the International Monetary Fund has agreed to bail out the ailing South Korean economy . 
  K: If agree causes bail then agent of agree is the same as agent of bail

674.S: The tapes show that Nixon hoped to sway coverage on the television networks by threatening them with anti-trust legislation . 
  K: If hope causes sway then agent of hope is the same as agent of sway

675.S: Also , Chelsea Clinton continues to thrive at Stanford . -RRB- 
  K: If continue causes thrive then agent of continue is the same as agent of thrive

676.S: The Wall Street Journal , which flags the story in its front-page news box , explains that companies can still continue to make qualified U.S.-origin claims , such as `` 80 % Made in USA . '' 
  K: If continue causes make then agent of continue is the same as agent of make

677.S: This way , they got to write `` U.S. Greeted Coolly at Climate Summit . '' 
  K: If get causes write then agent of get is the same as agent of write

678.S: Indeed , the Los Angeles Times accompanies its Reno story with an off-lead piece reporting that the DOJ continues to investigate the major fund-raisers on the other end of the phone . 
  K: If continue causes investigate then agent of continue is the same as agent of investigate

679.S: Everybody makes a big deal about FBI Director Freeh 's eleventh-hour memo to Reno urging her to seek an outside counsel , citing inherent conflicts of interest in her investigation . 
  K: If urge causes seek then recipient of urge is the same as agent of seek

680.S: For instance , an Asian woman living in Bergen County , NJ , can expect to live for 96 years , while the average black man in Washington D.C. , lives to age 58 . 
  K: If expect causes live then agent of expect is the same as agent of live

681.S: Not surprisingly , one expert quoted pins the difference on economic status -- in other words , that Motorola plant 's only going to make things worse . 
  K: If go causes make then agent of go is the same as agent of make

682.S: The WP account says she replied , `` The overwhelming majority of Americans want American citizens to be treated as individuals . '' 
  K: If want causes treat then recipient of want is the same as recipient of treat

683.S: The WP account says she replied , `` The overwhelming majority of Americans want American citizens to be treated as individuals . '' 
  K: If want causes treat then recipient of want is the same as recipient of treat

684.S: And the Los Angeles Times leads with the agreement by European health ministers to phase in a total ban on tobacco advertising and sports-event sponsorship . 
  K: If lead causes phase then agent of lead is the same as agent of phase

685.S: Gore refuses to concede any mistakes in either his campaign activities or in his defense of them . 
  K: If refuse causes concede then agent of refuse is the same as agent of concede

686.S: Complete with big pictures : the WP and LAT run a shot of her embracing the mother of a boy she is widely believed to have had killed , while the NYT shows the former liberationist reformer decked out in all the major jewelry groups , including gold-inlaid designer glasses . 
  K: If believe causes kill then recipient of believe is the same as agent of kill

687.S: And USAT and the LAT report that Sen. Orrin Hatch plans on asking Freeh to open up his own investigation of these matters independent of Reno 's . 
  K: If ask causes open then recipient of ask is the same as agent of open

688.S: Meanwhile , says USAT , Sen. Fred Thompson will ask Justice to consider perjury charges against at least six witnesses who testified at his fund-raising hearings this past summer . 
  K: If ask causes consider then recipient of ask is the same as agent of consider

689.S: The NYT runs a front-page interview-based piece on President Clinton , the follow-on to a presidential chat piece that ran yesterday . 
  K: If run causes run then recipient of run is the same as agent of run

690.S: In the course of his investigation , Kamen learns that Thomas has a Porsche and a BMW , which causes him to ask exactly the right question : `` Just how big was that last raise for Congress ? '' 
  K: If cause causes ask then recipient of cause is the same as agent of ask

691.S: One site posts anecdotes sent in by readers about their bosses ' antics and features a satirical advice column . 
  K: If send causes feature then agent of send is the same as agent of feature

692.S: There 's politics on both sides of the matter , says the Times : Korean politicians want up-front money to soften what are widely viewed in their country as the bailout 's regulatory intrusions , while the Clinton administration has tried to make the U.S. contribution to the deal -- estimated to be potentially $ 5 billion -- more palatable by suggesting there 's a chance it would never actually be needed . 
  K: If want causes soften then recipient of want is the same as agent of soften

693.S: There 's politics on both sides of the matter , says the Times : Korean politicians want up-front money to soften what are widely viewed in their country as the bailout 's regulatory intrusions , while the Clinton administration has tried to make the U.S. contribution to the deal -- estimated to be potentially $ 5 billion -- more palatable by suggesting there 's a chance it would never actually be needed . 
  K: If try causes make then agent of try is the same as agent of make

694.S: USAT stresses the `` unified front '' put on by Reno and Freeh on the Hill -LRB- as does the LAT in its front pager -RRB- , while the WP emphasizes Freeh 's testimony that he continues to support an independent counsel taking over Justice 's ongoing investigation of Clinton campaign fund-raising . 
  K: If continue causes support then agent of continue is the same as agent of support

695.S: USAT stresses the `` unified front '' put on by Reno and Freeh on the Hill -LRB- as does the LAT in its front pager -RRB- , while the WP emphasizes Freeh 's testimony that he continues to support an independent counsel taking over Justice 's ongoing investigation of Clinton campaign fund-raising . 
  K: If continue causes support then agent of continue is the same as agent of support

696.S: Sprewell took no questions from the assembled press and did not address any specifics of the two incidents in which he punched and choked his coach . 
  K: If punch causes choke then agent of punch is the same as agent of choke

697.S: The U.S. would be required to cut emissions to 7 percent below 1990 levels . 
  K: If require causes cut then recipient of require is the same as agent of cut

698.S: The coverage is confusing , since , for example , the Washington Post says the meetings simply tabled until next year the issue of whether and how the world 's poorer nations would participate , and the New York Times says the industrial nations are required to reduce their emissions of the six main greenhouse gases to 5.2 percent below 1990 levels , while the Los Angeles Times says they 're bound to a 6.5 percent reduction . 
  K: If require causes reduce then recipient of require is the same as agent of reduce

699.S: Lingering question from l'affaire Lawrence for assignment editors : Why not do a story about how Lawrence came to seize upon the Bushnell sinking as the fabric for his fiction ? 
  K: If come causes seize then agent of come is the same as agent of seize

700.S: The judge also made another ruling that gets less attention : he refused to order Microsoft to stop asking business partners to sign `` non-disclosure '' provisions that require notifying Microsoft when passing information along to the government . 
  K: If refuse causes order then agent of refuse is the same as agent of order

701.S: The judge also made another ruling that gets less attention : he refused to order Microsoft to stop asking business partners to sign `` non-disclosure '' provisions that require notifying Microsoft when passing information along to the government . 
  K: If order causes stop then recipient of order is the same as agent of stop

702.S: The judge also made another ruling that gets less attention : he refused to order Microsoft to stop asking business partners to sign `` non-disclosure '' provisions that require notifying Microsoft when passing information along to the government . 
  K: If ask causes sign then recipient of ask is the same as agent of sign

703.S: The WP Iran lead reports that Iranian President Mohammed Khatemi made the irenic remarks at a press conference , and described them as the most conciliatory made by an Iranian leader toward the U.S. since the Islamic revolution there in 1979 . 
  K: If make causes describe then agent of make is the same as agent of describe

704.S: But even the Times could have elaborated on this to help the reader try to decide what Khatemi 's statements are worth . 
  K: If try causes decide then agent of try is the same as agent of decide

705.S: But even the Times could have elaborated on this to help the reader try to decide what Khatemi 's statements are worth . 
  K: If elaborate causes help then agent of elaborate is the same as agent of help

706.S: The NYT lead reports that the Pentagon anthrax inoculation program will consist of a series of six shots to start with and then annual boosters . 
  K: If consist causes start then agent of consist is the same as agent of start

707.S: Completion of the program will take six years and cost $ 130 million . 
  K: If take causes cost then agent of take is the same as agent of cost

708.S: The LAT says that experts think the Asian crisis will cost California up to 65,000 new jobs next year and will cause export growth to slow . 
  K: If say causes cause then agent of say is the same as agent of cause

709.S: The change would give new privacy to taxpayers who can afford to pay a tax preparer but not hire a lawyer . 
  K: If afford causes pay then agent of afford is the same as agent of pay

710.S: The change would give new privacy to taxpayers who can afford to pay a tax preparer but not hire a lawyer . 
  K: If pay causes not hire then agent of pay is the same as agent of not hire

711.S: Not Your Father 's Guzzmobile USA Today leads with the Dept. of Justice 's attempt to have Microsoft held in contempt because the company is allegedly flouting the recently issued court order requiring it to market its Web browser Internet Explorer separately from its Windows 95 operating system . 
  K: If require causes market then recipient of require is the same as agent of market

712.S: The story quotes unidentified EPA officials saying that the automakers ' proposals offer an acceptable compromise , which will produce cleaner air . 
  K: If offer causes produce then recipient of offer is the same as agent of produce

713.S: The LAT lead states that economic normalization between the U.S. and Vietnam will result from the administration 's decision , based on its view that Vietnam 's emigration policies have improved considerably , to grant Vietnam a waiver from the Jackson-Vanik Amendment , which bars full economic relations with Communist countries that do n't permit free emigration . 
  K: If improve causes grant then agent of improve is the same as agent of grant

714.S: The WP and LAT front pages carry news of the decision by New Jersey to allow gay partners to jointly adopt children on the same basis as married couples , the first state to do so . 
  K: If carry causes allow then recipient of carry is the same as agent of allow

715.S: The Wall Street Journal reports that the U.S. Postal Service plans to issue a philanthropy stamp next year that will depict a bee pollinating a flower and will bear the words : `` Giving and Sharing : an American Tradition . '' 
  K: If plan causes issue then agent of plan is the same as agent of issue

716.S: The WP calls the Korean vote the most remarkable in the country 's history , pointing out that upon his inauguration , Kim , 73 , will take over a government that kidnapped and jailed him and repeatedly tried to kill him , once by planning to toss him off a ship at sea . 
  K: If try causes kill then agent of try is the same as agent of kill

717.S: The papers all note that upon his victory , Kim pledged to implement the IMF-crafted economic bailout that was already agreed to by the current government . 
  K: If pledge causes implement then agent of pledge is the same as agent of implement

718.S: The LAT front reports that in 1995 , a Clinton national security staffer named Sheila Heslin asked the CIA to provide intelligence on several U.S. citizens despite a presidential order banning the agency from doing so . 
  K: If ask causes provide then recipient of ask is the same as agent of provide

719.S: `` It makes me mad , '' says one , `` Taking money out of my check and giving it to those ho 's . '' 
  K: If make causes give then agent of make is the same as recipient of give

720.S: The companion USAT news section cover story reports that 95 percent of respondents to the paper 's poll on the topic say they want a change in the system , and yet a majority of them do not support either the flat tax or the national sales tax -- and want to retain deductions for home mortgage interest and charitable contributions . 
  K: If want causes retain then agent of want is the same as agent of retain

721.S: The companion USAT news section cover story reports that 95 percent of respondents to the paper 's poll on the topic say they want a change in the system , and yet a majority of them do not support either the flat tax or the national sales tax -- and want to retain deductions for home mortgage interest and charitable contributions . 
  K: If want causes retain then agent of want is the same as agent of retain

722.S: The companion USAT news section cover story reports that 95 percent of respondents to the paper 's poll on the topic say they want a change in the system , and yet a majority of them do not support either the flat tax or the national sales tax -- and want to retain deductions for home mortgage interest and charitable contributions . 
  K: If want causes retain then agent of want is the same as agent of retain

723.S: The companion USAT news section cover story reports that 95 percent of respondents to the paper 's poll on the topic say they want a change in the system , and yet a majority of them do not support either the flat tax or the national sales tax -- and want to retain deductions for home mortgage interest and charitable contributions . 
  K: If want causes retain then agent of want is the same as agent of retain

724.S: The NYT notes that for cost containment reasons , managed care companies nationwide are starting to cut some of the generous benefits -- such as low - or no-cost prescriptions and eyeglasses and no membership fees -- that attracted elderly Americans on Medicare to their plans in the first place . 
  K: If start causes cut then agent of start is the same as agent of cut

725.S: What we 're learning it seems , is that regardless of the setting , the market will tend to punish coverage of those , like the elderly , with the most health needs . 
  K: If tend causes punish then agent of tend is the same as agent of punish

726.S: According to another AP story in the Post , South Dakota governor William Janklow started a program that puts prisoners to work building homes for the elderly and disabled in the state 's small towns . 
  K: If put causes work then recipient of put is the same as agent of work

727.S: The Bosnia stories -- all accompanied by big top-of-the page photos of the president , the best one being the LAT 's shot of Bill , Hillary , and Chelsea up close and personal with American soldiers -- all point out that Clinton 's quick mission had the dual purpose of boosting the morale of U.S. troops and urging Bosnians to work harder on their country 's recovery . 
  K: If urge causes work then recipient of urge is the same as agent of work

728.S: The WP and LAT fronts report on that nearly $ 5 million verdict won by actress Hunter Tylo , who sued because she was hired to play a seductress on ` Melrose Place ' but was then fired by producer Aaron Spelling 's company when it was revealed she was pregnant . 
  K: If hire causes play then recipient of hire is the same as agent of play

729.S: The WP and LAT fronts report on that nearly $ 5 million verdict won by actress Hunter Tylo , who sued because she was hired to play a seductress on ` Melrose Place ' but was then fired by producer Aaron Spelling 's company when it was revealed she was pregnant . 
  K: If win causes fire then agent of win is the same as recipient of fire

730.S: The WP and LAT fronts report on that nearly $ 5 million verdict won by actress Hunter Tylo , who sued because she was hired to play a seductress on ` Melrose Place ' but was then fired by producer Aaron Spelling 's company when it was revealed she was pregnant . 
  K: If hire causes play then recipient of hire is the same as agent of play

731.S: USA Today calls the conviction on conspiracy and manslaughter counts but acquittal on 1st-degree murder charges `` a surprising compromise . '' 
  K: If call causes acquittal then agent of call is the same as agent of acquittal

732.S: The dailies are relentless in their programmatic use of `` balancing '' language to describe family reactions -- `` many '' are angry , `` some '' are shocked , etc. -- despite producing no family members saying the verdicts are just . 
  K: If relentless causes describe then agent of relentless is the same as agent of describe

733.S: A woman who lost two small grandsons tells the NYT , `` Terry Nichols and Timothy McVeigh conspired for seven months to blow up that building . 
  K: If conspire causes blow then agent of conspire is the same as agent of blow

734.S: A woman who lost two small grandsons tells the NYT , `` Terry Nichols and Timothy McVeigh conspired for seven months to blow up that building . 
  K: If conspire causes blow then agent of conspire is the same as agent of blow

735.S: Similarly , a woman who lost a daughter is quoted in USAT and the Washington Post saying , `` He conspired to build the bomb ; what the hell did they think he was going to do with it ! '' 
  K: If conspire causes build then agent of conspire is the same as agent of build

736.S: When the papers strive to make sense of the verdict , they tend to look that way too . 
  K: If strive causes make then agent of strive is the same as agent of make

737.S: -LRB- Surely not helping to build a bomb . -RRB- 
  K: If help causes build then agent of help is the same as agent of build

738.S: Similarly , the Times editorial on the Nichols decision ably frames the puzzle : `` At first blush it seems contradictory to find that Mr. Nichols was guilty of conspiring in the bombing , a crime that seems to have required premeditation , but then not to find him guilty of first-degree , or premeditated , murder . 
  K: If seem causes require then agent of seem is the same as agent of require

739.S: The WSJ reports that Newt Gingrich , in an obvious bid to plug holes in the C-SPAN spring schedule -LRB- that damned yellow bus has to go in the shop for a tune-up sometime -RRB- , is poised to launch investigations into White House and DNC activities that could involve fully half of the House 's committees . 
  K: If poise causes launch then recipient of poise is the same as agent of launch

740.S: Wall Streeters forecast a $ 40 billion surplus for the current fiscal year ; pols want to use the money to cut taxes , looking for points with voters in next fall 's elections . 
  K: If want causes use then agent of want is the same as agent of use

741.S: The government cut back on its famed social programs and laid off 45,000 -LRB- 14 % -RRB- of its federal employees . 
  K: If cut causes lay then agent of cut is the same as agent of lay

742.S: Jerry Seinfeld has opted to end his TV show after this season , prompting the NYT to devote a big block of above-the-fold space , plus a photo , to the news that a television sitcom will go off the air ... several months from now . 
  K: If opt causes end then agent of opt is the same as agent of end

743.S: Jerry Seinfeld has opted to end his TV show after this season , prompting the NYT to devote a big block of above-the-fold space , plus a photo , to the news that a television sitcom will go off the air ... several months from now . 
  K: If prompt causes devote then recipient of prompt is the same as agent of devote

744.S: The New York Times and the Los Angeles Times lead with the decision by international bankers to allow South Korea to delay debt repayments . 
  K: If lead causes allow then agent of lead is the same as agent of allow

745.S: The New York Times and the Los Angeles Times lead with the decision by international bankers to allow South Korea to delay debt repayments . 
  K: If allow causes delay then recipient of allow is the same as agent of delay

746.S: The WP 's Tyson story reports that the company pleaded guilty to giving former agriculture secretary Mike Espy $ 12,000 in illegal gratuities and consented to pay $ 6 million in fines and costs . 
  K: If consent causes pay then agent of consent is the same as agent of pay

747.S: The WP 's Tyson story reports that the company pleaded guilty to giving former agriculture secretary Mike Espy $ 12,000 in illegal gratuities and consented to pay $ 6 million in fines and costs . 
  K: If consent causes pay then agent of consent is the same as agent of pay

748.S: The WP 's Tyson story reports that the company pleaded guilty to giving former agriculture secretary Mike Espy $ 12,000 in illegal gratuities and consented to pay $ 6 million in fines and costs . 
  K: If plead causes pay then agent of plead is the same as agent of pay

749.S: The WP 's Tyson story reports that the company pleaded guilty to giving former agriculture secretary Mike Espy $ 12,000 in illegal gratuities and consented to pay $ 6 million in fines and costs . 
  K: If consent causes pay then agent of consent is the same as agent of pay

750.S: The Journal quotes an academic who says that while not a primary factor in deciding to get married , `` A $ 500 increase in taxes decreases the probability of marriage by 1 % or 2 % , '' and quotes one woman who says she 's just living with her boyfriend despite their desire to marry because she does n't want to give the IRS an additional $ 3,700 . 
  K: If n't want causes give then agent of n't want is the same as agent of give

751.S: The Los Angeles Times leads with word that a task force appointed by Gov. Pete Wilson will call for increased state oversight of HMOs to make them more patient-oriented . 
  K: If call causes make then agent of call is the same as agent of make

752.S: And the real story , which the Post buries deep and leaves out of the headline , is that they are actively looking for a better way to raise the cash . 
  K: If look causes raise then agent of look is the same as agent of raise

753.S: Yesterday , the WP reports , Clinton said he 'd asked the White House counsel to study the ethical and legal requirements governing future fund-raising efforts . 
  K: If ask causes study then recipient of ask is the same as agent of study

754.S: The WP and USAT -LRB- in its off-lead -RRB- say the lapsed defense fund had not been used to pay for any legal expenses arising from the Paula Jones case . 
  K: If not use causes pay then recipient of not use is the same as agent of pay

755.S: The LAT front reports that California 's Latinos ' longstanding reluctance to vote -- a trend that has consistently kept them politically under-represented there -- appears to be changing . 
  K: If appear causes change then agent of appear is the same as agent of change

756.S: The Wall Street Journal passes along word that millionaires continue to proliferate . 
  K: If continue causes proliferate then agent of continue is the same as agent of proliferate

757.S: L.A. police have shot and killed a suspect in the case . 
  K: If shoot causes kill then agent of shoot is the same as agent of kill

758.S: The NYT front-page story announces it up top , in the second paragraph , and adds an item the WP misses : Levy has threatened to quit several times before , without doing so . 
  K: If threaten causes quit then agent of threaten is the same as agent of quit

759.S: Several states this year will try to move from a .10 % blood-alcohol limit to a .08 % limit . 
  K: If try causes move then agent of try is the same as agent of move

760.S: Readers are advised to clip and save these for when the car companies howl the next time the federal government tries to lower fuel economy and emission standards . 
  K: If try causes lower then agent of try is the same as agent of lower

761.S: Readers are advised to clip and save these for when the car companies howl the next time the federal government tries to lower fuel economy and emission standards . 
  K: If advise causes save then recipient of advise is the same as agent of save

762.S: But the Times apparently does n't feel such an observation can stand without expert testimony , so it drags in Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist William Kennedy and a lit professor to repeat it . 
  K: If drag causes repeat then agent of drag is the same as agent of repeat

763.S: But the Times apparently does n't feel such an observation can stand without expert testimony , so it drags in Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist William Kennedy and a lit professor to repeat it . 
  K: If drag causes repeat then agent of drag is the same as recipient of repeat

764.S: But the Times apparently does n't feel such an observation can stand without expert testimony , so it drags in Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist William Kennedy and a lit professor to repeat it . 
  K: If drag causes repeat then agent of drag is the same as agent of repeat

765.S: But the Times apparently does n't feel such an observation can stand without expert testimony , so it drags in Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist William Kennedy and a lit professor to repeat it . 
  K: If drag causes repeat then agent of drag is the same as recipient of repeat

766.S: Nothing inherently wrong here , but think about it ... This is n't a candid shot : there is n't an inch out of focus or a blurry branch being parted . 
  K: If inherently causes think then agent of inherently is the same as agent of think

767.S: Indeed , the Times notes , no president has even tried to offer a balanced one since 1971 . 
  K: If try causes offer then agent of try is the same as agent of offer

768.S: -LRB- A Washington explanation for this is that the administration wanted to preserve the momentum that comes with a big surprise . -RRB- 
  K: If want causes preserve then agent of want is the same as agent of preserve

769.S: USAT reports that as soon as the Unabomber judge took the bench on Monday , Kaczynski , in a low calm voice asked to `` revisit '' the issue of his attorneys , apparently referring to his desire to jettison them because they still intend to introduce non-medical evidence of his mental instability . 
  K: If intend causes introduce then agent of intend is the same as agent of introduce

770.S: The Wall Street Journal `` Tax Report '' notes that although the Alternative Minimum Tax was originally designed to ensure that most upper-income taxpayers fork over at least some tax , if it is n't changed in any way , in the year 2007 it will apply to 8.4 million taxpayers , including many in the middle class . 
  K: If design causes ensure then recipient of design is the same as agent of ensure

771.S: -LRB- Look for the Kennedy/Bono deaths to spur much talk of mandatory ski helmet laws , and look for the same sort of libertarian resistance that has marked motorcycle helmet laws . -RRB- 
  K: If deaths causes spur then agent of deaths is the same as agent of spur

772.S: The WP apparently decided that enough time had passed to entitle it to publish an article looking at the Kennedy/Bono deaths ' lighter side , about wacky fatalities caused by trees . 
  K: If entitle causes publish then recipient of entitle is the same as agent of publish

773.S: But the New York Times , Washington Post and Los Angeles Times say the `` dropping the ball '' comment was about her belief that the government had failed to search for other suspects The WP seems to reveal that this juror ended up with at least a touch of militia-style animus against the feds when it quotes her remark : `` I think the government 's attitude.is part of where all this comes from in the first place . . 
  K: If seem causes reveal then agent of seem is the same as agent of reveal

774.S: But the New York Times , Washington Post and Los Angeles Times say the `` dropping the ball '' comment was about her belief that the government had failed to search for other suspects The WP seems to reveal that this juror ended up with at least a touch of militia-style animus against the feds when it quotes her remark : `` I think the government 's attitude.is part of where all this comes from in the first place . . 
  K: If fail causes search then agent of fail is the same as agent of search

775.S: The feds say that DNA Plant Technology Corp. conspired with a tobacco company -LRB- officially unnamed , but widely reported to be Brown and Williamson -RRB- to develop a high-nicotine tobacco . 
  K: If say causes develop then agent of say is the same as agent of develop

776.S: DNA has agreed to cooperate with the DOJ 's ongoing investigation . 
  K: If agree causes cooperate then agent of agree is the same as agent of cooperate

777.S: USAT reports that Sacramento jail authorities deduced from Kacszynski 's missing underpants and a red mark on his neck that he had tried to commit suicide in his cell the night before . 
  K: If try causes commit then agent of try is the same as agent of commit

778.S: USAT reports that Sacramento jail authorities deduced from Kacszynski 's missing underpants and a red mark on his neck that he had tried to commit suicide in his cell the night before . 
  K: If try causes commit then agent of try is the same as agent of commit

779.S: As a result , says USAT , he 's been placed in a psychiatric cell where his movements will be monitored 24 hours a day while the court continues to ponder the issue of his legal representation . 
  K: If continue causes ponder then agent of continue is the same as agent of ponder

780.S: The Times makes it clear that the judge can only recommend sentence conditions , which ultimately are determined by prison officials . 
  K: If recommend causes determine then recipient of recommend is the same as recipient of determine

781.S: And the Times has the detail that Yousef was also ordered to pay a $ 4.5 million fine and restitution of $ 250 million , because , said Duffy , leaving no Oliver Stone unturned , `` someday I can see someone being perverse enough to buy your story . '' 
  K: If order causes pay then recipient of order is the same as agent of pay

782.S: But the study does apparently get into this , because the Times reports that `` alcohol , more than any illegal drug , was found to be closely associated with violent crimes ... '' It 's no big deal , but the WP story about President Clinton 's visit to a fund-raiser at the toney `` Dakota '' apartment building in New York City mentions that John Lennon lived there and `` it was outside this building where he was murdered in 1981 . '' 
  K: If find causes associate then recipient of find is the same as recipient of associate

783.S: The Washington Post goes with a new push to train workers for computer-related jobs . 
  K: If go causes train then agent of go is the same as agent of train

784.S: The LAT lead reports that a high-level Treasury team 's mission to Indonesia has the goal of meeting with President Suharto today to persuade him to carry out the economic reforms mandated by the IMF . 
  K: If persuade causes carry then recipient of persuade is the same as agent of carry

785.S: The WP breaks an astounding story inside about how the Navy is attempting to dimiss a sailor for homosexuality because his AOL profile , which does n't use his last name , states that he 's gay . 
  K: If attempt causes dimiss then agent of attempt is the same as agent of dimiss

786.S: Apparently , when Navy investigators called AOL to identify the profilee , AOL supplied the man 's name . 
  K: If call causes identify then recipient of call is the same as agent of identify

787.S: Readers inclined to think of prostitution as a victimless crime are encouraged to read the first-rate piece about the international flesh market by Michael Specter on the front of yesterday 's NYT . 
  K: If encourage causes read then recipient of encourage is the same as agent of read

788.S: Complainers have been known to be thrown out of buildings or beheaded . 
  K: If know causes throw then recipient of know is the same as recipient of throw

789.S: Both the NYT and LAT emphasize that Indonesian president Suharto has received more international attention , in the form of visits from U.S. and IMF delegations and calls from numerous foreign leaders , than he has in years , and that he seems to be responding with a real austerity pledge , including the postponement of several major government investments in the dubious projects of family members . 
  K: If seem causes respond then agent of seem is the same as agent of respond

790.S: Often , says the paper , the Jews were forced to work for little or no pay , and even forced to pay special taxes to defray the expenses of their confinement . 
  K: If force causes work then recipient of force is the same as agent of work

791.S: Often , says the paper , the Jews were forced to work for little or no pay , and even forced to pay special taxes to defray the expenses of their confinement . 
  K: If force causes pay then recipient of force is the same as agent of pay

792.S: Despite all the budget euphoria swirling about , business writer Allan Sloan uses his WP column to point out a familiar but forgotten fact : There is no surplus if you eschew `` fedmath '' and instead calculate assets and liabilities the way a business does , i.e. , not letting the government 's pension system , Social Security , be used to draw down the deficit . 
  K: If use causes draw then recipient of use is the same as agent of draw

793.S: The Wall Street Journal reports that two-thirds of U.S. households have answering machines and that fully half of those use them to screen incoming calls . 
  K: If use causes screen then recipient of use is the same as agent of screen

794.S: The paper also states that China was wavering on the Security Council action , but was finally brought along by the decision to `` deplore '' Iraq 's behavior rather than `` condemn '' it . 
  K: If bring causes deplore then recipient of bring is the same as agent of deplore

795.S: The paper also states that China was wavering on the Security Council action , but was finally brought along by the decision to `` deplore '' Iraq 's behavior rather than `` condemn '' it . 
  K: If bring causes deplore then recipient of bring is the same as agent of deplore

