1.S: It came right out with the anger that the regular men 's mags tried to hide . 
  K: If try causes hide then agent of try is the same as agent of hide

2.S: In the men 's magazines , there 's much more of a sense that if you want women to give you the time of day , you have to make some effort to find out what they want and give it to them . 
  K: If want causes give then recipient of want is the same as agent of give

3.S: On the other hand , men still do n't like to express anxiety directly -- I 'd guess that part of the reason men 's mags have gotten sillier is that they 've seized on men 's time-honored method of covering up insecurity by clowning around . 
  K: If n't like causes express then agent of n't like is the same as agent of express

4.S: The intern/production assistant must open his cranberry juice and pour it over ice for him , just so . 
  K: If open causes pour then agent of open is the same as agent of pour

5.S: Baker goes on to complain about the island 's new popularity and the ostentatious displays of wealth . 
  K: If go causes complain then agent of go is the same as agent of complain

6.S: In this week 's Advertising Age , GQ editor Art Cooper asks why condom advertisers bother to take out pages in Maxim , since the readership is composed entirely of masturbators . 
  K: If bother causes take then agent of bother is the same as agent of take

7.S: But who wants to be classy anymore ? 
  K: If want causes classy then agent of want is the same as recipient of classy

8.S: The recent vogues for cigars , cocktails , and the Rat Pack were not wistful evocations of a more civilized time ; they were wistful evocations of the last great period of big Straight White Guy fun , before the broads and the fags came in to ruin it all . 
  K: If come causes ruin then agent of come is the same as agent of ruin

9.S: He calls on the top nature magazines and TV shows to pick a date and refuse to purchase any photos taken after that . 
  K: If call causes purchase then agent of call is the same as agent of purchase

10.S: He calls on the top nature magazines and TV shows to pick a date and refuse to purchase any photos taken after that . 
  K: If pick causes purchase then agent of pick is the same as agent of purchase

11.S: He calls on the top nature magazines and TV shows to pick a date and refuse to purchase any photos taken after that . 
  K: If refuse causes purchase then agent of refuse is the same as agent of purchase

12.S: He calls on the top nature magazines and TV shows to pick a date and refuse to purchase any photos taken after that . 
  K: If refuse causes purchase then agent of refuse is the same as agent of purchase

13.S: If Gore wants to maximize his potential years in the presidency , Clinton has to hang on until at least Jan. 21 , 1999 , so Gore can serve less than two years of Clinton 's term and then two full terms of his own ... Of course , if Clinton drags it out for another year and then quits , he 'll probably be so unpopular that he 'll pull Gore down with him . 
  K: If serve causes want then agent of serve is the same as agent of want

14.S: If Gore wants to maximize his potential years in the presidency , Clinton has to hang on until at least Jan. 21 , 1999 , so Gore can serve less than two years of Clinton 's term and then two full terms of his own ... Of course , if Clinton drags it out for another year and then quits , he 'll probably be so unpopular that he 'll pull Gore down with him . 
  K: If serve causes maximize then agent of serve is the same as agent of maximize

15.S: Memo to Martin Peretz , owner of the New Republic : You 've enthusiastically supported the ambitions of Gore , your former student -- you 've said confidently that you intend to own the magazine until `` the end of Al Gore 's second term '' as president . 
  K: If intend causes own then agent of intend is the same as agent of own

16.S: You even sacked your magazine 's editor , Michael Kelly , at least in part because , in his `` obsessive '' -LRB- your term -RRB- attacks on the character of the Clinton administration , Kelly ... how to put it ... failed to completely appreciate Gore 's virtues . 
  K: If fail causes appreciate then agent of fail is the same as agent of appreciate

17.S: Monica achieved her internship not through her scholarship at Lewis & Clark College but through the intervention of Walter Kaye , who donated enough to the Clinton campaign to be invited to sleep in the White House . 
  K: If donate causes invite then agent of donate is the same as recipient of invite

18.S: Monica achieved her internship not through her scholarship at Lewis & Clark College but through the intervention of Walter Kaye , who donated enough to the Clinton campaign to be invited to sleep in the White House . 
  K: If invite causes sleep then recipient of invite is the same as agent of sleep

19.S: Can anyone really believe Vernon Jordan , the ultimate Washington insider -LRB- and survivor -RRB- , would recklessly tell a 24-year-old to perjure herself when he has so many safer , legal ways to achieve the same end ? 
  K: If tell causes achieve then recipient of tell is the same as agent of achieve

20.S: 3 -RRB- Clinton dispatched Jordan to find out why Paula Jones was about to depose Monica . 
  K: If dispatch causes find then recipient of dispatch is the same as agent of find

21.S: Would Jordan have helped Monica get a job at Revlon if he knew a -RRB- she was about to perjure herself at his request and b -RRB- his help could be construed as a bribe to facilitate the perjury ? 
  K: If construe causes facilitate then recipient of construe is the same as agent of facilitate

22.S: Would Jordan have helped Monica get a job at Revlon if he knew a -RRB- she was about to perjure herself at his request and b -RRB- his help could be construed as a bribe to facilitate the perjury ? 
  K: If construe causes facilitate then recipient of construe is the same as agent of facilitate

23.S: Would Jordan have helped Monica get a job at Revlon if he knew a -RRB- she was about to perjure herself at his request and b -RRB- his help could be construed as a bribe to facilitate the perjury ? 
  K: If construe causes facilitate then recipient of construe is the same as agent of facilitate

24.S: Would Jordan have helped Monica get a job at Revlon if he knew a -RRB- she was about to perjure herself at his request and b -RRB- his help could be construed as a bribe to facilitate the perjury ? 
  K: If construe causes facilitate then recipient of construe is the same as agent of facilitate

25.S: Last week , when the Lewinsky story was only a few hours old , Stephanopoulos popped up on Good Morning America to demonstrate his concern . 
  K: If pop causes demonstrate then agent of pop is the same as agent of demonstrate

26.S: Stephanopoulos wants to run for the Senate and does n't want to seem a Clinton stooge . 
  K: If want causes run then agent of want is the same as agent of run

27.S: During the 1992 campaign , when Gennifer Flowers first brought Clinton 's philandering to public attention , Stephanopoulos -- as Clinton 's chief spinner , distracter , and all-around bullshit artist -- played a crucial role in discrediting Flowers and anyone else who tried to point out the truth , namely that Clinton had a disturbing zipper problem . 
  K: If try causes point then agent of try is the same as agent of point

28.S: When Democrats wonder why there is so much resentment of Clinton , they do n't need to look much further than the Big Lie about philandering that Stephanopoulos , Carville -LRB- and a cooperative campaign press corps -RRB- helped to put over in 1992 . 
  K: If help causes put then agent of help is the same as agent of put

29.S: Slate 's crack panel of Whitman scholars has convened in emergency session to draw our attention -LRB- and that of the Independent Counsel -RRB- to the following passages : ARE you the new person drawn toward me ? 
  K: If convene causes draw then agent of convene is the same as agent of draw

30.S: The Monica story had broken that morning ... CHATTERBOX WAS GOING to predict that Sen. Daniel Patrick Moynihan of New York would be the first prominent Democrat to suggest that Clinton might have to resign ... Really we were ... But Moynihan beat us to the punch with his declaration in the New York Post that Clinton could not survive admitting an affair with Lewinsky . 
  K: If GOING causes predict then agent of GOING is the same as agent of predict

31.S: Many commentators -LRB- e.g. , columnist Ellen Goodman , Jonathan Alter of Newsweek -RRB- seem to believe Clinton effectively promised not to screw around again in the future . 
  K: If promise causes not screw then agent of promise is the same as agent of not screw

32.S: ... WHAT IF CLINTON manages to survive ? 
  K: If manage causes survive then agent of manage is the same as agent of survive

33.S: The Punditburo has reached its decision , but viewers do n't want to hear it . 
  K: If n't want causes hear then agent of n't want is the same as agent of hear

34.S: They may or may not believe the Big Lie , but they can never admit it in public . 
  K: If not believe causes never admit then agent of not believe is the same as agent of never admit

35.S: So Newsweek was supposed to print all the boring parts about shopping ? 
  K: If suppose causes print then recipient of suppose is the same as agent of print

36.S: The document appears to have been typed on a manual typewriter . 
  K: If appear causes type then agent of appear is the same as recipient of type

37.S: But in the same article Isikoff reported that Steele had later recanted and said that Willey `` had asked her to ` lie ' about what had happened in order to give credibility to the allegation that she had been harassed . '' 
  K: If happen causes give then agent of happen is the same as agent of give

38.S: But in the same article Isikoff reported that Steele had later recanted and said that Willey `` had asked her to ` lie ' about what had happened in order to give credibility to the allegation that she had been harassed . '' 
  K: If ask causes lie then recipient of ask is the same as agent of lie

39.S: But in the same article Isikoff reported that Steele had later recanted and said that Willey `` had asked her to ` lie ' about what had happened in order to give credibility to the allegation that she had been harassed . '' 
  K: If happen causes give then agent of happen is the same as agent of give

40.S: But in the same article Isikoff reported that Steele had later recanted and said that Willey `` had asked her to ` lie ' about what had happened in order to give credibility to the allegation that she had been harassed . '' 
  K: If ask causes lie then recipient of ask is the same as agent of lie

41.S: The New York Times , rehashing Isikoff 's reporting in a front-page piece last Saturday , conveniently omitted this point , leaving the false impression that the first Steele had heard about any Clinton pass was when Willey called to ask her to lie when Isikoff `` was on his way to her home . '' 
  K: If call causes ask then agent of call is the same as agent of ask

42.S: The New York Times , rehashing Isikoff 's reporting in a front-page piece last Saturday , conveniently omitted this point , leaving the false impression that the first Steele had heard about any Clinton pass was when Willey called to ask her to lie when Isikoff `` was on his way to her home . '' 
  K: If ask causes lie then recipient of ask is the same as agent of lie

43.S: Kathleen Willey got $ 1 million in insurance money after his death , and apparently did n't give any of it to the poor client whose money was stolen . 
  K: If get causes n't give then agent of get is the same as agent of n't give

44.S: Indeed , she has fought through protracted legal proceedings to successfully stiff him . 
  K: If fight causes stiff then agent of fight is the same as agent of stiff

45.S: Even if Clinton 's behavior was piggish , it 's a bit unfair to expect Willey to get instantly angry and dress down the president of the United States as if he were the heavy in some `` How to Stop Sex Harassment '' training video . 
  K: If expect causes dress then recipient of expect is the same as agent of dress

46.S: Plus , Chatterbox does n't want to have to buy the 23 copies of Leaves of Grass it would take to reward the Fornigate brigade . 
  K: If take causes reward then agent of take is the same as agent of reward

47.S: Chatterbox also likes `` Incredible Sucking Sound , '' but does n't want to annoy Ross Perot . 
  K: If like causes annoy then agent of like is the same as agent of annoy

48.S: Chatterbox also likes `` Incredible Sucking Sound , '' but does n't want to annoy Ross Perot . 
  K: If n't want causes annoy then agent of n't want is the same as agent of annoy

49.S: One reader offered `` Lobster Thermidor , '' which required a long explanation -LRB- you do n't want to know -RRB- . 
  K: If offer causes require then recipient of offer is the same as agent of require

50.S: One reader offered `` Lobster Thermidor , '' which required a long explanation -LRB- you do n't want to know -RRB- . 
  K: If n't want causes know then agent of n't want is the same as agent of know

51.S: One reader offered `` Lobster Thermidor , '' which required a long explanation -LRB- you do n't want to know -RRB- . 
  K: If n't want causes know then agent of n't want is the same as agent of know

52.S: One reader offered `` Lobster Thermidor , '' which required a long explanation -LRB- you do n't want to know -RRB- . 
  K: If n't want causes know then agent of n't want is the same as agent of know

53.S: The piece , by media reporter Howie `` The Beast '' Kurtz , revealed that Clinton attorney David Kendall has `` been helping '' an Esquire author `` research an article on Starr 's Whitewater probe , '' even to the extent of asking Clinton allies to cooperate with the author . 
  K: If ask causes cooperate then recipient of ask is the same as agent of cooperate

54.S: The David Brock whose 1993 Troopergate article revived the Clinton sex scandal and portrayed Kendall 's client and patron Hillary Clinton as a foul-mouthed bitch who orders state troopers to fetch her tampons ? 
  K: If troopers causes fetch then agent of troopers is the same as agent of fetch

55.S: The David Brock whose 1993 Troopergate article revived the Clinton sex scandal and portrayed Kendall 's client and patron Hillary Clinton as a foul-mouthed bitch who orders state troopers to fetch her tampons ? 
  K: If troopers causes fetch then agent of troopers is the same as agent of fetch

56.S: The nipple-baring Brock who then played the victim in an Esquire article -LRB- illustrated with an exhibitionistic photo of Brock in an open shirt posing as St. Sebastian -RRB- when , despite his hit pieces and sleazy red-baiting , right wingers snubbed him for supposedly going soft on Hillary ? 
  K: If play causes wingers then agent of play is the same as agent of wingers

57.S: ... OK , one more question : Is Brock 's whole I-was-a victim-of-the-right routine a brilliant Nosenko-like cover that has allowed him to penetrate the Clinton camp 's innermost recesses -- gaining the confidence of the normally closed-mouthed Kendall -- after which Brock will turn the tables on his original enemies ? 
  K: If allow causes penetrate then recipient of allow is the same as agent of penetrate

58.S: The Creep and El Schmucko ... the very same phrases daughter Monica would later reportedly use to describe President Clinton on the scandalous Tripp tapes ! 
  K: If use causes describe then agent of use is the same as agent of describe

59.S: Let 's take another look at exactly what Currie 's lawyer said : `` I want to be absolutely clear , to the extent there is any implication or the slightest suggestion that Mrs. Currie believes that the President or anyone else tried to influence her recollection , that is absolutely false and a mischaracterization of the facts . 
  K: If try causes influence then agent of try is the same as agent of influence

60.S: Currie is n't really denying that Clinton was trying to coach her . 
  K: If try causes coach then agent of try is the same as agent of coach

61.S: She just denies that he was trying to change her recollection . 
  K: If try causes change then agent of try is the same as agent of change

62.S: If Currie had really been denying Clinton tried to influence her testimony , she would have said Clinton did n't try to influence her testimony , not her `` recollection . '' 
  K: If n't try causes influence then agent of n't try is the same as agent of influence

63.S: They note that Jones had hoped to use Willey 's tale that Clinton had made an unwelcome advance in 1993 . 
  K: If hope causes use then agent of hope is the same as agent of use

64.S: `` But sources tell Time that Julie Hiatt Steele , once a close friend of Willey 's , signed an affidavit last Friday , at the request of Clinton 's lawyers , suggesting that the encounter may have been more innocent than Willey claims and that Willey asked her to lie about it . '' 
  K: If ask causes lie then recipient of ask is the same as agent of lie

65.S: Time then dramatically recounts how Steele says she was called by Willey and asked to lie even as Newsweek reporter Michael Isikoff `` was on his way to Steele 's house . '' 
  K: If ask causes lie then agent of ask is the same as agent of lie

66.S: Time then dramatically recounts how Steele says she was called by Willey and asked to lie even as Newsweek reporter Michael Isikoff `` was on his way to Steele 's house . '' 
  K: If recount causes lie then agent of recount is the same as agent of lie

67.S: Time then dramatically recounts how Steele says she was called by Willey and asked to lie even as Newsweek reporter Michael Isikoff `` was on his way to Steele 's house . '' 
  K: If ask causes lie then agent of ask is the same as agent of lie

68.S: Time then dramatically recounts how Steele says she was called by Willey and asked to lie even as Newsweek reporter Michael Isikoff `` was on his way to Steele 's house . '' 
  K: If ask causes lie then agent of ask is the same as agent of lie

69.S: But Ginsburg has frosted Newsweek , which is perceived to be in Linda Tripp 's camp . 
  K: If frost causes perceive then recipient of frost is the same as recipient of perceive

70.S: A short critical Newsweek piece on Ginsburg and his `` appetite for the high life '' notes that he `` declined ... to talk to Newsweek '' ... Newsweek , meanwhile , is Paula 's Magazine . 
  K: If decline causes talk then agent of decline is the same as agent of talk

71.S: Readers should simply be aware , as they weigh what they are told , that each magazine has an incentive to please -- or at least not totally piss off -- its primary allies ... Which is not to say that Newsweek still wo n't try to throw Ginsburg a few bones in the hope of gaining his cooperation , or that Time wo n't skillfully let him make a fool of himself . 
  K: If n't try causes throw then agent of n't try is the same as agent of throw

72.S: ... But seriously , Chatterbox wants to defend `` Grassy Knoll '' Blumenthal against those who trash him for giving advice to his friends the Clintons while he was still a writer for The New Yorker . 
  K: If want causes defend then agent of want is the same as agent of defend

73.S: But any New Yorker subscriber who did n't realize that Blumenthal was massively ego-invested in the Clintons ' success just was n't paying attention ... Chatterbox hopes this stout defense wo n't stop Blumenthal from ordering the Clinton critic-intimidation team to investigate Chatterbox 's private life . 
  K: If order causes investigate then recipient of order is the same as agent of investigate

74.S: Unfortunately Hitchens did n't design the human brain , which learns by imitation . 
  K: If n't design causes learn then recipient of n't design is the same as agent of learn

75.S: Does Clinton want to restore the family in the ghettos ? 
  K: If want causes restore then agent of want is the same as agent of restore

76.S: Chatterbox always suspected that Democrats who focus compulsively on the income charts -LRB- ex-Labor Secretary Robert Reich , for one -RRB- would be all too willing to trade off America 's precious social equality for a minor increase in income equality and prosperity . 
  K: If focus causes trade then agent of focus is the same as agent of trade

77.S: Better to stick to the social-egalitarian line : Reporters are citizens , with the same rights and obligations as other citizens -LRB- same as Sid Blumenthal , same as Matt Drudge , same as your mother -RRB- , which include the right to say nasty things about Kenneth Starr . 
  K: If include causes say then recipient of include is the same as agent of say

78.S: -LRB- Does Pepperdine law school really want to give its deanship to someone who doesn ' t know the first thing about the First Amendment ? -RRB- 
  K: If want causes give then agent of want is the same as agent of give

79.S: Do n't expect it to happen again ... CORPORATISM WATCH : `` There is a significant difference between asking a White House official for his sources and asking the owner of a Web page on the Internet for his sources , '' Marvin Kalb , director of the Shorenstein Center on Press and Politics at Harvard , tells the Times . 
  K: If n't expect causes happen then recipient of n't expect is the same as agent of happen

80.S: Do we really want to place loyalty over truth ? 
  K: If want causes place then agent of want is the same as agent of place

81.S: Did n't Bill Clinton champion the very `` new economy '' of rootless , skilled free-agents -- the very disloyal types Gates claims threaten to subject the president to the laws that apply to other Americans ? 
  K: If threaten causes subject then agent of threaten is the same as agent of subject

82.S: Did n't Bill Clinton champion the very `` new economy '' of rootless , skilled free-agents -- the very disloyal types Gates claims threaten to subject the president to the laws that apply to other Americans ? 
  K: If threaten causes subject then agent of threaten is the same as agent of subject

83.S: Apparently the idea -LRB- see Chatterbox for 2/18 -RRB- was to leave open the possibility that others might interpret the facts , as Currie told them , to involve an impropriety . 
  K: If tell causes involve then recipient of tell is the same as agent of involve

84.S: ... All the heat on Currie makes Chatterbox think : Was the sprawling , seemingly loony essay by Henry Louis `` Skip the Truth '' Gates Jr. in last week 's New Yorker -LRB- see Chatterbox for 3/3 -RRB- actually a far more narrowly-targeted appeal than Chatterbox thought -- specifically , an appeal for Currie to lie for Clinton , much as Rose Mary Woods -LRB- the heroine of Gates ' essay -RRB- is thought to have lied for Nixon ? 
  K: If think causes lie then recipient of think is the same as agent of lie

85.S: The Curse of the Opel Chatterbox is glad the UAW workers at General Motors ' Saturn plant in Spring Hill , Tennessee voted to retain their innovative labor contract , with its stress on teamwork over bureaucratic work rules . 
  K: If vote causes retain then agent of vote is the same as agent of retain

86.S: They took a risk , moved to Tennessee , and managed to build about the only small car made by Detroit 's Big Three that matches the Japanese in reliability -- in the 1997 Consumer Reports ratings it 's right up there with the Honda Civic . 
  K: If manage causes build then agent of manage is the same as agent of build

87.S: The other divisions of General Motors gang up to deny Saturn the capital it needs to add a midsize sedan or a sport-utility vehicle to its line . 
  K: If gang causes deny then agent of gang is the same as agent of deny

88.S: The other divisions of General Motors gang up to deny Saturn the capital it needs to add a midsize sedan or a sport-utility vehicle to its line . 
  K: If need causes add then agent of need is the same as agent of add

89.S: Poster Boys David `` I Made Paula Jones Famous '' Brock , who wants everyone to know that he deeply regrets single-handedly bringing down the president , is n't the only journalist to have reported the allegations of Arkansas state troopers who claim to have procured women for then-Gov . 
  K: If claim causes procure then agent of claim is the same as agent of procure

90.S: In addition to the Los Angeles Times , the American Spectator in April , 1994 , printed a long , well-documented piece by Daniel Wattenberg recounting the tale of Trooper L.D. Brown , who claims to have solicited `` over a hundred '' women for Clinton . 
  K: If claim causes solicit then agent of claim is the same as agent of solicit

91.S: You get the sense that he does n't want to say anything that might annoy his new White House friends . 
  K: If n't want causes say then agent of n't want is the same as agent of say

92.S: This week 's study in the Journal of the American Medical Association confirming that mastectomies increased after Nancy Reagan chose to undergo that radical procedure rather than have a less drastic `` lumpectomy . '' 
  K: If choose causes undergo then agent of choose is the same as agent of undergo

93.S: This week 's study in the Journal of the American Medical Association confirming that mastectomies increased after Nancy Reagan chose to undergo that radical procedure rather than have a less drastic `` lumpectomy . '' 
  K: If choose causes undergo then agent of choose is the same as agent of undergo

94.S: ... Gore continued his scare campaign by phoning Washington Post Executive Editor Len Downie to complain that a photo the Post had run of the big-blue-marble Earth was upside down ! 
  K: If phone causes complain then recipient of phone is the same as agent of complain

95.S: The photo of Julie Steele , who says Willey told her to lie , made her look as if she 'd just tried out a vacuum cleaner on her abundant graying hair . 
  K: If tell causes lie then recipient of tell is the same as agent of lie

96.S: He brought out that Willey knew Clinton had the hots for her from an earlier incident when then-candidate Clinton had asked her to bring some chicken soup to his room . 
  K: If ask causes bring then recipient of ask is the same as agent of bring

97.S: But then Bradley neglected to ask the obvious question : since Willey was aware of Clinton 's interest , was n't she hoping to use her sexual attraction to help her get the paying White House job she desperately needed ? 
  K: If neglect causes ask then agent of neglect is the same as agent of ask

98.S: Willey might easily have answered the question -- she might have even said , `` Yes , but I did n't expect him to jump me right there in the Oval Office '' -- without undermining her story . 
  K: If n't expect causes jump then recipient of n't expect is the same as agent of jump

99.S: What possessed them to release their 700-page trove of anti-Clinton documents on a Friday ? 
  K: If possess causes release then recipient of possess is the same as agent of release

100.S: Does n't every sentient American know by now that Friday is when you release news you want to bury , because Friday news gets reported in the little-read Saturday papers ? 
  K: If release causes report then recipient of release is the same as recipient of report

101.S: Does n't every sentient American know by now that Friday is when you release news you want to bury , because Friday news gets reported in the little-read Saturday papers ? 
  K: If want causes bury then agent of want is the same as agent of bury

102.S: A potentially significant conflict is opening up between Michael Isikoff , the Newsweek reporter who 's been a driving force in the Flytrap scandal , and Julie Steele , the erstwhile friend of Kathleen Willey who says Willey told her to lie to Isikoff . 
  K: If tell causes lie then recipient of tell is the same as agent of lie

103.S: This is a direct conflict ; the question is n't what Willey told Steele but what Steele told Isikoff . 
  K: If tell causes tell then recipient of tell is the same as agent of tell

104.S: -LRB- Her lawyer , Nancy Luque , said she would try to reach her client and call Chatterbox back . 
  K: If try causes reach then agent of try is the same as agent of reach

105.S: This does n't sound like something he 'd make a mistake about , and he would n't print an untruth . 
  K: If make causes n't print then agent of make is the same as agent of n't print

106.S: She adds : `` If and when John Ashcroft decides to make his presidential ambitions official ... Reed will disappear from the market . '' 
  K: If decide causes make then agent of decide is the same as agent of make

107.S: Who benefits if Ashcroft gets in the race and splits the social conservative primary vote with Steve Forbes ? 
  K: If get causes split then agent of get is the same as agent of split

108.S: Not only did Broder forget to mention Newsweek reporter Michael Isikoff 's contention that Steele had changed her story at least two times , but Broder also forgot to mention that -- as Isikoff had reported a week and a half earlier -- Steele had taken $ 7,000 from the National Enquirer after shifting to an anti-Willey posture . 
  K: If forget causes mention then agent of forget is the same as agent of mention

109.S: Not only did Broder forget to mention Newsweek reporter Michael Isikoff 's contention that Steele had changed her story at least two times , but Broder also forgot to mention that -- as Isikoff had reported a week and a half earlier -- Steele had taken $ 7,000 from the National Enquirer after shifting to an anti-Willey posture . 
  K: If forget causes mention then agent of forget is the same as agent of mention

110.S: ... No , Jim , We Think This One Might be a Dealbreaker : `` People have tried to suggest they are former friends , but when the dust settles I think they 'll be okay . '' 
  K: If try causes suggest then agent of try is the same as agent of suggest

111.S: Monica 's lawyer William Ginsburg charged ... well , you can imagine what William Ginsburg charged . 
  K: If charge causes charge then agent of charge is the same as agent of charge

112.S: Were Starr trying to punish Lewinsky for her thoughts or tastes or reading habits or speech -- the way he was threatening to punish Blumenthal -- all the Nazis-are-coming hysteria might be justified . 
  K: If threaten causes punish then agent of threaten is the same as agent of punish

113.S: Were Starr trying to punish Lewinsky for her thoughts or tastes or reading habits or speech -- the way he was threatening to punish Blumenthal -- all the Nazis-are-coming hysteria might be justified . 
  K: If try causes punish then agent of try is the same as agent of punish

114.S: Lewis ca n't really be proposing to suppress the `` 60 Minutes '' Willey interview -- which was , in truth , not a story based on `` gossip '' or `` innuendo '' but first-person testimony about the behavior of the president in the Oval Office , about which the voters are surely entitled to form an opinion -- in order to protect a puny civil suit for money damages ? 
  K: If n't propose causes suppress then agent of n't propose is the same as agent of suppress

115.S: Lewis ca n't really be proposing to suppress the `` 60 Minutes '' Willey interview -- which was , in truth , not a story based on `` gossip '' or `` innuendo '' but first-person testimony about the behavior of the president in the Oval Office , about which the voters are surely entitled to form an opinion -- in order to protect a puny civil suit for money damages ? 
  K: If entitle causes form then recipient of entitle is the same as agent of form

116.S: ... Paranoid 's Corner : If Clinton really wanted to escape Flytrap for good , here 's what he 'd do : Have a fresh , previously unknown woman come forward alleging unwanted sexual advances along Jones/Willey lines . 
  K: If want causes escape then agent of want is the same as agent of escape

117.S: One reason Kathleen Willey 's tale of groping and fondling in the Oval Office seems credible is this : if she were making up a story , she could have made up a much better one . 
  K: If make causes make then agent of make is the same as agent of make

118.S: For example , Willey told Ed Bradley of 60 Minutes that when Clinton made his pass , she remembers saying to him , `` Are n't you afraid that somebody 's going to walk in here ? '' 
  K: If go causes walk then agent of go is the same as agent of walk

119.S: Thanks to Time magazine , we have evidence that when Willey wants to make up a story , she knows how to pull out all the emotional stops . 
  K: If know causes pull then agent of know is the same as agent of pull

120.S: Thanks to Time magazine , we have evidence that when Willey wants to make up a story , she knows how to pull out all the emotional stops . 
  K: If want causes make then agent of want is the same as agent of make

121.S: Then on the morning the abortion was supposed to happen , she had her then-friend , Julie Steele , tell him she 'd called it off . 
  K: If suppose causes happen then recipient of suppose is the same as agent of happen

122.S: So , in a perverse way , Time 's tale of Willey 's pregnancy lie actually tends to support her veracity when it comes to Clinton . 
  K: If tend causes support then agent of tend is the same as agent of support

123.S: Yet , according to Novak , on March 21 Clinton `` did not seem familiar with Moynihan 's latest plan ... '' Whatever else you want to say about Clinton , he 's not usually inattentive or uninterested in domestic policy . 
  K: If want causes say then recipient of want is the same as agent of say

124.S: The fears of opponents of Proposition 209 , which eliminated racial preferences in California 's public institutions , seemed to be coming true -- despite the efforts of UC officials to compensate for the end of race preferences by giving an edge to students who have overcome economic hardships . 
  K: If seem causes come then agent of seem is the same as agent of come

125.S: Even that number may be misleading , since it does n't include blacks who chose not to check the optional box declaring their race . 
  K: If choose causes not check then agent of choose is the same as agent of not check

126.S: -- but could it be that pro-preference university officials want to discredit Prop. 209 by painting its consequences as more dire than they actually are ? 
  K: If want causes discredit then agent of want is the same as agent of discredit

127.S: ... Terry Lightfoot , a spokeman for the UC president 's office , denies any `` motive to tell a bad story . '' 
  K: If deny causes tell then recipient of deny is the same as agent of tell

128.S: So someone who wants a story written paid him to research the story . 
  K: If pay causes research then recipient of pay is the same as agent of research

129.S: -LRB- Chatterbox himself once managed to cadge a speaking fee arranged by this wonderful organization . -RRB- 
  K: If manage causes cadge then agent of manage is the same as agent of cadge

130.S: -- something lawyer-lobbyist Abe Fortas discovered when he managed to distract attention from his corruption by playing classical violin in public . 
  K: If manage causes distract then agent of manage is the same as agent of distract

131.S: For decades , Brookings has been the liberal institution you could count on to defend government enterprises when they need to be defended , and criticize subsidies when they 're unjustified . 
  K: If count causes defend then agent of count is the same as agent of defend

132.S: For decades , Brookings has been the liberal institution you could count on to defend government enterprises when they need to be defended , and criticize subsidies when they 're unjustified . 
  K: If need causes defend then recipient of need is the same as recipient of defend

133.S: In essence , Brookings scholars exist to expose rackets like Fannie Mae . 
  K: If exist causes expose then agent of exist is the same as agent of expose

134.S: Economist Henry Aaron said `` I do n't see any reason why a corporation traded on the New York Stock Exchange ... should be given advantages by state and local governments who have to collect more in taxes from Plain Joes to compensate for the concession . '' 
  K: If give causes collect then agent of give is the same as agent of collect

135.S: Memo to Jim Johnson : These Brookings wonks want to take away your $ 4 billion meal ticket ! 
  K: If want causes take then agent of want is the same as agent of take

136.S: Were somebody to start it at a Washington cocktail party , the guests would scurry into the other room as surely as if that someone had said `` Let 's build the bridge to the 21st century '' or attempted to redebate the Vietnam War ... Of course , Washingtonians may have chosen up sides in this fashion in part because so many people in the capital need to choose up sides in order to do their jobs , in part because the only thing more boring than having an opinion on Flytrap is not having one -LRB- `` Well , I think only time will tell . '' 
  K: If need causes choose then agent of need is the same as agent of choose

137.S: Were somebody to start it at a Washington cocktail party , the guests would scurry into the other room as surely as if that someone had said `` Let 's build the bridge to the 21st century '' or attempted to redebate the Vietnam War ... Of course , Washingtonians may have chosen up sides in this fashion in part because so many people in the capital need to choose up sides in order to do their jobs , in part because the only thing more boring than having an opinion on Flytrap is not having one -LRB- `` Well , I think only time will tell . '' 
  K: If attempt causes redebate then agent of attempt is the same as agent of redebate

138.S: Were somebody to start it at a Washington cocktail party , the guests would scurry into the other room as surely as if that someone had said `` Let 's build the bridge to the 21st century '' or attempted to redebate the Vietnam War ... Of course , Washingtonians may have chosen up sides in this fashion in part because so many people in the capital need to choose up sides in order to do their jobs , in part because the only thing more boring than having an opinion on Flytrap is not having one -LRB- `` Well , I think only time will tell . '' 
  K: If attempt causes redebate then agent of attempt is the same as agent of redebate

139.S: ... The catch is that the Washington commentariat is tempted to conclude that Flytrap is over because it is bored with the scandal . 
  K: If tempt causes conclude then recipient of tempt is the same as agent of conclude

140.S: Let 's just say that a Reagan-Republican Senate candidate in California was known to somewhat hypocritically visit a Los Angeles newsstand that featured an extensive selection of adult magazines . 
  K: If know causes visit then recipient of know is the same as agent of visit

141.S: He admitted going to the club , which he called `` a cocktail place . '' 
  K: If admit causes call then agent of admit is the same as agent of call

142.S: ... Given this incident , however , Mulholland would probably be the wrong spokesman to righteously attack Kenneth Starr for trying to learn about Monica Lewinsky 's semi-pornographic bookstore purchases ... Note to starving freelance writers : If you 've been recruited to write op-ed opinion pieces praising Microsoft , as part of the phony Microsoft `` grass roots '' PR campaign revealed in Friday 's Los Angeles Times , do n't consider the rent paid just yet ! 
  K: If recruit causes write then recipient of recruit is the same as agent of write

143.S: Expect roughly the same effort it might take to obtain payment from the Defense Department for a small anti-ballistic missile system . 
  K: If take causes obtain then agent of take is the same as agent of obtain

144.S: The highlight : To prevent the financially-stricken D.C. government from trying to collect some $ 300 million in local taxes , Fannie Mae threatens to drop its $ 3 million in support for D.C. charities . 
  K: If threaten causes drop then agent of threaten is the same as agent of drop

145.S: The highlight : To prevent the financially-stricken D.C. government from trying to collect some $ 300 million in local taxes , Fannie Mae threatens to drop its $ 3 million in support for D.C. charities . 
  K: If threaten causes drop then agent of threaten is the same as agent of drop

146.S: The highlight : To prevent the financially-stricken D.C. government from trying to collect some $ 300 million in local taxes , Fannie Mae threatens to drop its $ 3 million in support for D.C. charities . 
  K: If threaten causes drop then agent of threaten is the same as agent of drop

147.S: The highlight : To prevent the financially-stricken D.C. government from trying to collect some $ 300 million in local taxes , Fannie Mae threatens to drop its $ 3 million in support for D.C. charities . 
  K: If threaten causes drop then agent of threaten is the same as agent of drop

148.S: It turns out that although the announcement of Johnson 's replacement by Clinton budget director Franklin Raines `` surprised many Washington insiders '' -- Chatterbox 's White House source said it seemed to happen quickly at the last minute -- it was really a long-planned `` crafted departure '' that `` culminated a process begun several years ago '' when Johnson decided to `` limit his tenure with Fannie Mae to a decade . '' 
  K: If seem causes happen then agent of seem is the same as agent of happen

149.S: It turns out that although the announcement of Johnson 's replacement by Clinton budget director Franklin Raines `` surprised many Washington insiders '' -- Chatterbox 's White House source said it seemed to happen quickly at the last minute -- it was really a long-planned `` crafted departure '' that `` culminated a process begun several years ago '' when Johnson decided to `` limit his tenure with Fannie Mae to a decade . '' 
  K: If decide causes limit then agent of decide is the same as agent of limit

150.S: Consumer Reports just published its Annual Auto Issue , which contains the most useful two-page spread in automotive journalism . 
  K: If publish causes contain then recipient of publish is the same as agent of contain

151.S: ... Like many ancient Volvo-bred yuppies , Chatterbox will believe America is back on top only when Detroit makes a car Chatterbox might actually want to buy . 
  K: If want causes buy then agent of want is the same as agent of buy

152.S: Consumer Reports ranked it above even the vaunted Toyota Camry -LRB- which slipped a bit , but remains 20 percent better than average -RRB- . 
  K: If slip causes remain then agent of slip is the same as agent of remain

153.S: To : New York Times Editorial Board Re : Your Coming Anti-Workfare Editorials The Times has just concluded a four-part , front-page series slamming New York Mayor Rudolph Giuliani 's workfare policies -LRB- e.g. , `` EVIDENCE IS SCANT THAT WORKFARE LEADS TO FULL-TIME JOBS '' -RRB- . 
  K: If e.g. causes FULL then recipient of e.g. is the same as agent of FULL

154.S: Politicians like to say the purpose of welfare reform is to move people `` from welfare to work . '' 
  K: If like causes say then agent of like is the same as agent of say

155.S: Other mothers may choose to live with breadwinners and spend time with their children . 
  K: If choose causes live then agent of choose is the same as agent of live

156.S: Other mothers may choose to live with breadwinners and spend time with their children . 
  K: If live causes spend then agent of live is the same as agent of spend

157.S: Most plans attempt to `` divert '' those who apply for welfare into private jobs . 
  K: If attempt causes divert then agent of attempt is the same as agent of divert

158.S: Yes , we want to know how many more people are working thanks to welfare reform . 
  K: If want causes know then agent of want is the same as agent of know

159.S: Nor did the Times show that any regular workers were laid off or fired to make way for cheaper workfarers . 
  K: If fire causes make then recipient of fire is the same as agent of make

160.S: Which reminds me to say , on Eleanor 's behalf , that she is at the very least extremely interesting . 
  K: If remind causes say then recipient of remind is the same as agent of say

161.S: Such a life has very little to offer other women in the way of exemplary lessons , and we 're right to feel a bit queasy over a first lady who promises -LRB- or threatens -RRB- to accomplish anything very substantive on the strength of who she 's sleeping with . 
  K: If promise causes accomplish then agent of promise is the same as agent of accomplish

162.S: He seemed , over time , not to bother having much of a domestic policy himself , and Barbara was a huge part of the cover . 
  K: If seem causes not bother then agent of seem is the same as agent of not bother

163.S: All you 've got to say to promote the power-behind-the-throne theme -LRB- as either participant or observer -RRB- is , Why , look at Eleanor Roosevelt . 
  K: If get causes say then agent of get is the same as agent of say

164.S: All you 've got to say to promote the power-behind-the-throne theme -LRB- as either participant or observer -RRB- is , Why , look at Eleanor Roosevelt . 
  K: If say causes promote then agent of say is the same as agent of promote

165.S: Do n't you suspect that , when push comes to shove , George W. Bush 's `` compassionate conservatism '' is going to consist , in very large part , of Laura Bush ? -RRB- 
  K: If come causes shove then agent of come is the same as agent of shove

166.S: But I fault her for not quoting the best thing I 've read on this subject , a passage I came upon in Joseph Alsop 's centenary memoir of FDR . 
  K: If read causes come then agent of read is the same as agent of come

167.S: Chatterbox does n't know what to make of Felt 's claim that Deep Throat was `` ineffective , '' but will set that aside for now . 
  K: If n't know causes set then agent of n't know is the same as agent of set

168.S: As a father , Chatterbox knows that children tend to blab family secrets -- and recalls that Joe Klein 's authorship of Primary Colors came to light partly as a result of some things his kid talked about at school . 
  K: If come causes light then agent of come is the same as agent of light

169.S: As a father , Chatterbox knows that children tend to blab family secrets -- and recalls that Joe Klein 's authorship of Primary Colors came to light partly as a result of some things his kid talked about at school . 
  K: If tend causes blab then agent of tend is the same as agent of blab

170.S: Well that 's all I want to hear about it . 
  K: If want causes hear then agent of want is the same as agent of hear

171.S: The Los Angeles Times , which runs the shootings top-of-the-page , leads instead with the federal government 's announcement of $ 488 billion to be spent on mortgages and apartment building construction for moderate - and low-income families , a story nobody else fronts . 
  K: If lead causes spend then agent of lead is the same as recipient of spend

172.S: But if you do n't know what you 're doing , you 'll probably blow your head off . '' 
  K: If do causes blow then agent of do is the same as agent of blow

173.S: But if you do n't know what you 're doing , you 'll probably blow your head off . '' 
  K: If n't know causes blow then agent of n't know is the same as agent of blow

174.S: Incidentally , it turns out that a recent column was absolutely wrong in saying that the NYT had n't deigned to mention that Ralston 's career stall was due to an adulterous affair he 'd been forced to own up to . 
  K: If n't deign causes mention then agent of n't deign is the same as agent of mention

175.S: Incidentally , it turns out that a recent column was absolutely wrong in saying that the NYT had n't deigned to mention that Ralston 's career stall was due to an adulterous affair he 'd been forced to own up to . 
  K: If force causes own then recipient of force is the same as agent of own

176.S: Bush offers conventional conservative 's bromides about the economy and the family and spends a lot of time talking about his signature idea : faith-based social programs . 
  K: If offer causes spend then agent of offer is the same as agent of spend

177.S: What 's odd -- and a bit worrying -- is that George W. Bush has embarked on a presidential campaign lacking something even more basic : the sort of world-view or approach that equips politicians to formulate an agenda in the first place . 
  K: If equip causes formulate then recipient of equip is the same as agent of formulate

178.S: This was a powerful hint that W. intends to tell Pat Robertson to go play in traffic . 
  K: If intend causes tell then agent of intend is the same as agent of tell

179.S: When your task is unifying a divided party , knowing what views to reject , as Bush seems to , may be more important than knowing what policies you support . 
  K: If view causes reject then agent of view is the same as agent of reject

180.S: The WP notes that legislators hope to pass laws mandating background checks on gun show weapons buyers , implementation of child safety locks , and bans on large-capacity ammunition clips by the August recess . 
  K: If hope causes pass then agent of hope is the same as agent of pass

181.S: A WP front-pager narrates how George W. Bush has already seduced powerful trade group lobbyists , who usually wait to lavish their money and support until a party 's nominee is chosen . 
  K: If wait causes support then agent of wait is the same as agent of support

182.S: According to the WP , Europeans are being widely cautioned to avoid staring at the total solar eclipse that will take place Aug. 11 . 
  K: If caution causes avoid then recipient of caution is the same as agent of avoid

183.S: How are we supposed to read a story containing a one-line disclaimer that contradicts its entire narrative thrust ? 
  K: If suppose causes read then recipient of suppose is the same as agent of read

184.S: Nasdaq 's owners -- the roughly 6,000 members of the National Association of Securities Dealers -- include every firm licensed to trade securities . 
  K: If license causes trade then agent of license is the same as agent of trade

185.S: Congress ' Tax-Cutting Folly Sometimes you find yourself having to say the obvious . 
  K: If have causes say then agent of have is the same as agent of say

186.S: Phil Gramm did generously say that if the surpluses do n't materialize , Congress could just raise taxes to make up the difference . 
  K: If raise causes make then recipient of raise is the same as agent of make

187.S: Phil Gramm did generously say that if the surpluses do n't materialize , Congress could just raise taxes to make up the difference . 
  K: If raise causes make then recipient of raise is the same as agent of make

188.S: Phil Gramm did generously say that if the surpluses do n't materialize , Congress could just raise taxes to make up the difference . 
  K: If raise causes make then recipient of raise is the same as agent of make

189.S: Phil Gramm did generously say that if the surpluses do n't materialize , Congress could just raise taxes to make up the difference . 
  K: If raise causes make then recipient of raise is the same as agent of make

190.S: He also said that he had some Florida swampland , the Brooklyn Bridge , and a couple of hot Internet IPOs he wanted to sell us . 
  K: If want causes sell then agent of want is the same as agent of sell

191.S: I ca n't wait to read Martin Amis on Hannibal , Tom Stoppard on his newfound Jewish heritage , and Mimi Swartz on the legal revenge being exacted by wronged first wives . 
  K: If n't wait causes read then agent of n't wait is the same as agent of read

192.S: He knows what to say and what not to say . '' 
  K: If say causes not say then agent of say is the same as agent of not say

193.S: I was deeply saddened to read of the death of Willie Morris , someone I never met but long admired . 
  K: If read causes never meet then agent of read is the same as agent of never meet

194.S: So about all I can do is wonder if Harrison Ford 's weary stare would have been as weary if he reversed his word order and intoned , `` Success is the pox of celebrity . '' 
  K: If reverse causes intone then agent of reverse is the same as agent of intone

195.S: What 's the point of getting rich and flaunting your wealth through conspicuous consumption if everybody on your block is collecting vintage wines and building oversize vacation homes ? 
  K: If collect causes build then agent of collect is the same as agent of build

196.S: The section -- which debuted just after the boom really started to boom -- is a weekly tutorial on how to blow surplus cash . 
  K: If start causes boom then agent of start is the same as agent of boom

197.S: That has two consequences : It increases risk , and it makes day traders ' performance even less impressive . 
  K: If increase causes make then agent of increase is the same as agent of make

198.S: she asked , I like to think a little plaintively . 
  K: If like causes think then agent of like is the same as agent of think

199.S: He hurried off to press a little more flesh . 
  K: If hurry causes press then agent of hurry is the same as agent of press

200.S: President Clinton has vowed to veto any bill putting this much of the budget surplus toward tax relief . 
  K: If vow causes veto then agent of vow is the same as agent of veto

201.S: The LAT and Wall Street Journal point out that the main political objective of the Republicans was to have an agreed-upon bill on the table to enable them to use the summer recess to build popular anti-veto pressure on Clinton . 
  K: If enable causes use then recipient of enable is the same as agent of use

202.S: The LAT and Wall Street Journal point out that the main political objective of the Republicans was to have an agreed-upon bill on the table to enable them to use the summer recess to build popular anti-veto pressure on Clinton . 
  K: If use causes build then recipient of use is the same as agent of build

203.S: A WSJ front-page feature notes that even without such new wrinkles , the tax code allows many corporations to legally pay little or no federal income tax . 
  K: If allow causes pay then recipient of allow is the same as agent of pay

204.S: I 'm 52 years old , balding , well-rounded , and doomed to always misplace my reading glasses . 
  K: If doom causes misplace then recipient of doom is the same as agent of misplace

205.S: You also find me jaded because I fail to grasp the `` promise '' of a Hillary-Rudy Senate race . 
  K: If fail causes grasp then agent of fail is the same as agent of grasp

206.S: You also find me jaded because I fail to grasp the `` promise '' of a Hillary-Rudy Senate race . 
  K: If fail causes grasp then agent of fail is the same as agent of grasp

207.S: If the magazine is intended to reach a broad , general-interest audience , the answer is : not good . 
  K: If intend causes reach then recipient of intend is the same as agent of reach

208.S: Success comes when you have a high renewal rate and new customers are easy to entice to replace dropouts . 
  K: If entice causes replace then agent of entice is the same as agent of replace

209.S: Chatterbox thanks the many readers who wrote in to inform him of his error . 
  K: If write causes inform then agent of write is the same as agent of inform

210.S: This is not an officially sanctioned figure , but Chatterbox trusts the U.S. Army to handle a thermometer . 
  K: If trust causes handle then recipient of trust is the same as agent of handle

211.S: The paper points out that this bill would spend more than half of next year 's projected budget surplus and comes on the heels of last fall 's `` one-time '' farm fix of $ 6 billion . 
  K: If spend causes come then agent of spend is the same as agent of come

212.S: There 's precedent , notes the Journal : Price-cutting was the strategy that enabled MS to catch Lotus and Netscape . 
  K: If enable causes catch then recipient of enable is the same as agent of catch

213.S: Today the `` Technology Journal '' section of the Wall Street Journal reports that Microsoft is trying to steal AOL 's dial-up business by offering the same service for little or no money . 
  K: If try causes steal then agent of try is the same as agent of steal

214.S: But it makes digital culture seem so dull that it 's probably keeping a couple thousand Times subscribers offline . 
  K: If make causes keep then agent of make is the same as agent of keep

215.S: Pediatricians are now supposed to take `` media histories '' along with medical histories when they see their young patients . 
  K: If suppose causes take then recipient of suppose is the same as agent of take

216.S: Doctors are to teach parents to teach their children `` media literacy . '' 
  K: If teach causes teach then recipient of teach is the same as agent of teach

217.S: So even if we elect an adopted Senator rather than a homegrown one , it wo n't be because we lack a sense of place . 
  K: If elect causes lack then agent of elect is the same as agent of lack

218.S: If you 're going to prevent one political dynasty from being created , you 're going to have to topple them all . 
  K: If go causes go then agent of go is the same as agent of go

219.S: If you 're going to prevent one political dynasty from being created , you 're going to have to topple them all . 
  K: If prevent causes go then agent of prevent is the same as agent of go

220.S: As I prepare to pack up my newspapers , I ca n't resist passing on one more gem . 
  K: If prepare causes n't resist then agent of prepare is the same as agent of n't resist

221.S: As I prepare to pack up my newspapers , I ca n't resist passing on one more gem . 
  K: If pack causes n't resist then agent of pack is the same as agent of n't resist

222.S: -LRB- If they 're not , then corporate profits are going to take a serious hit . -RRB- 
  K: If go causes take then agent of go is the same as agent of take

223.S: Just a week after the Atlanta day trader murders took over the front pages , an Alabama workplace shooting fails to crack them . 
  K: If fail causes crack then agent of fail is the same as agent of crack

224.S: Although Tripp has said she will plead not guilty , it is almost certain that she technically broke the law . 
  K: If plead causes break then agent of plead is the same as agent of break

225.S: As the LAT went to press , the estimated 300 attackers held at least two of the villages . 
  K: If go causes press then agent of go is the same as agent of press

226.S: Russian gunships were dispatched to fire on the attackers . 
  K: If dispatch causes fire then recipient of dispatch is the same as agent of fire

227.S: It is believed that the assailants are militants of the Islamic Wahhabi sect seeking to unite Chechnya and Dagestan to form an independent Islamic state . 
  K: If unite causes form then recipient of unite is the same as agent of form

228.S: Cleanup of the plant will cost $ 240 billion and take 75 years . 
  K: If cost causes take then agent of cost is the same as agent of take

229.S: -- Dick Morris , when another Fox panelist doubts his theory that Hillary 's Talk interview was an intentional fundraising strategy Last Word `` Next week we 're going to find out she 's one-twelfth Puerto Rican . '' 
  K: If go causes find then agent of go is the same as agent of find

230.S: Although I find the convenience of online newspapers compelling , I 'm also first to acknowledge that there are things you miss when not touching the actual pulp . 
  K: If find causes 'm then agent of find is the same as agent of 'm

231.S: They 're underdogs whom reporters like and respect . 
  K: If like causes respect then agent of like is the same as agent of respect

232.S: It is nonetheless a classic puffer , which sets out to depict Bush 's decency and compassion rather than question whether these qualities are , in fact , genuine . 
  K: If set causes question then agent of set is the same as agent of question

233.S: Chatterbox , trying not to plead , asked Felt if there were any other reason , aside from Felt 's actually not being Deep Throat , that might impel him to deny he was Deep Throat . 
  K: If impel causes deny then recipient of impel is the same as agent of deny

234.S: The conversation seemed to be winding down . 
  K: If seem causes wind then agent of seem is the same as agent of wind

235.S: Chatterbox asked Felt whether he 'd like to comment . 
  K: If like causes comment then agent of like is the same as agent of comment

236.S: Nixon said he himself had approved similar break-ins under the 1970 `` Houston Plan , '' which he said was also legal . 
  K: If say causes say then recipient of say is the same as agent of say

237.S: If you 're the New York Times , you 're ideally suited -- and journalistically obligated -- to publish a second day story . 
  K: If suit causes publish then recipient of suit is the same as agent of publish

238.S: -LRB- See '' More on the Clintons and Psychotherapy . '' -RRB- 
  K: If Clintons causes Psychotherapy then agent of Clintons is the same as agent of Psychotherapy

239.S: A more cynical possibility that Chatterbox ca n't bring himself to believe is that Clinton actually encouraged Wogaman to write this book to help keep his poll numbers up . 
  K: If n't bring causes believe then recipient of n't bring is the same as agent of believe

240.S: A more cynical possibility that Chatterbox ca n't bring himself to believe is that Clinton actually encouraged Wogaman to write this book to help keep his poll numbers up . 
  K: If encourage causes write then recipient of encourage is the same as agent of write

241.S: He wanted to understand how another sociological theorist went wrong in predicting social change : Karl Marx . 
  K: If want causes understand then agent of want is the same as agent of understand

242.S: How did Bell propose to save Marx ? 
  K: If propose causes save then agent of propose is the same as agent of save

243.S: Bell wants to salvage the theory by introducing distinctions and complications . 
  K: If want causes salvage then agent of want is the same as agent of salvage

244.S: It seems to fail Karl Popper 's criterion for being scientific . 
  K: If seem causes fail then agent of seem is the same as agent of fail

245.S: ... We 're really trying to improve our image a bit . '' 
  K: If try causes improve then agent of try is the same as agent of improve

246.S: Chatterbox has a terrible confession to make : He went to see The Blair Witch Project yesterday and , despite trying very , very hard to be scared , was n't . 
  K: If go causes scare then agent of go is the same as agent of scare

247.S: Chatterbox really thought he was going to like The Blair Witch Project . 
  K: If go causes like then agent of go is the same as agent of like

248.S: Excuse the expression : This is a fine example of the Times ' having its cake and eating it too . 
  K: If have causes eat then agent of have is the same as agent of eat

249.S: The piece is about how one man learned to `` find the ` off ' button '' without quitting his job . 
  K: If learn causes find then agent of learn is the same as agent of find

250.S: But I ask the business question : Can you see any way that papers might change how they operate to better balance such behind-the-scenes professional competition with serving readers ? 
  K: If operate causes balance then agent of operate is the same as agent of balance

251.S: The 12th -LRB- heh , heh -RRB- refused to answer . 
  K: If refuse causes answer then agent of refuse is the same as agent of answer

252.S: It was so wonderful that Chatterbox resolved never to try it again , and he never has . 
  K: If never resolve causes try then agent of never resolve is the same as agent of try

253.S: But then there 's Iowa , where Republican presidential candidates fall over each other telling corn farmers and hog farmers that the free market is unfair , that the government is n't doing enough to help them , and that taxpayers should support them when they fail to make money on their own . 
  K: If n't do causes help then agent of n't do is the same as agent of help

254.S: But then there 's Iowa , where Republican presidential candidates fall over each other telling corn farmers and hog farmers that the free market is unfair , that the government is n't doing enough to help them , and that taxpayers should support them when they fail to make money on their own . 
  K: If fail causes make then agent of fail is the same as agent of make

255.S: Double the ethanol market and raise the price of corn 40 cents a bushel by banning MTBE , the oil-based gasoline additive . 
  K: If market causes raise then agent of market is the same as agent of raise

256.S: Enforce existing antitrust laws to prevent mega-mergers . 
  K: If Enforce causes prevent then recipient of Enforce is the same as agent of prevent

257.S: Rewrite the Endangered Species Act to require a vote of Congress on every species listed . 
  K: If Rewrite causes require then recipient of Rewrite is the same as agent of require

258.S: This week , 43 IPOs were supposed to be priced , which is simply a staggering number . 
  K: If suppose causes price then recipient of suppose is the same as recipient of price

259.S: They probably all went right home and took naps afterwards , too . 
  K: If go causes take then agent of go is the same as agent of take

260.S: Anyway , today 's Examiner piece reveals that the FBI has now expanded to investigate various potential developments on the San Francisco waterfront . 
  K: If expand causes investigate then agent of expand is the same as agent of investigate

261.S: Which ones are willing to say that taking an anti-crime stance means finding a way to either stamp out these groups or isolate them so completely that they ca n't try to kill more innocent people ? 
  K: If n't try causes kill then agent of n't try is the same as agent of kill

262.S: Which ones are willing to say that taking an anti-crime stance means finding a way to either stamp out these groups or isolate them so completely that they ca n't try to kill more innocent people ? 
  K: If n't try causes kill then agent of n't try is the same as agent of kill

263.S: Which ones are willing to say that taking an anti-crime stance means finding a way to either stamp out these groups or isolate them so completely that they ca n't try to kill more innocent people ? 
  K: If n't try causes kill then agent of n't try is the same as agent of kill

264.S: Which ones are willing to say that taking an anti-crime stance means finding a way to either stamp out these groups or isolate them so completely that they ca n't try to kill more innocent people ? 
  K: If n't try causes kill then agent of n't try is the same as agent of kill

265.S: Which ones are willing to say that taking an anti-crime stance means finding a way to either stamp out these groups or isolate them so completely that they ca n't try to kill more innocent people ? 
  K: If n't try causes kill then agent of n't try is the same as agent of kill

266.S: Which ones are willing to say that taking an anti-crime stance means finding a way to either stamp out these groups or isolate them so completely that they ca n't try to kill more innocent people ? 
  K: If n't try causes kill then agent of n't try is the same as agent of kill

267.S: Which ones are willing to say that taking an anti-crime stance means finding a way to either stamp out these groups or isolate them so completely that they ca n't try to kill more innocent people ? 
  K: If n't try causes kill then agent of n't try is the same as agent of kill

268.S: Or the information embedded on plastic films that allowed 8-track tapes to alter the way one experienced a day on the beach . 
  K: If allow causes alter then recipient of allow is the same as agent of alter

269.S: But here 's another article that I 'd like to read . 
  K: If like causes read then agent of like is the same as agent of read

270.S: We do n't need Greenspan to reassure us that the world is n't going to fall apart anymore . 
  K: If n't go causes fall then agent of n't go is the same as agent of fall

271.S: We do n't need Greenspan to reassure us that the world is n't going to fall apart anymore . 
  K: If n't need causes reassure then recipient of n't need is the same as agent of reassure

272.S: But the same story fails to unearth a single credible potential buyer . 
  K: If fail causes unearth then agent of fail is the same as agent of unearth

273.S: Actually , it 's a good word to use if you want people to think you 're a crackpot . 
  K: If want causes think then recipient of want is the same as agent of think

274.S: ... So CEOs are now going to tell us when they 're erectilely dysfunctional ? 
  K: If go causes tell then agent of go is the same as agent of tell

275.S: You got ta wonder if the PR firm that wrote the press release touting Athlon was n't tempted to add : ` No , really . 
  K: If n't tempt causes add then recipient of n't tempt is the same as agent of add

276.S: The story fails to define clearly what Reno actually proposed -LRB- it summarizes one of her proposals as simply , `` federal limits on handgun purchases '' -RRB- and never mentions what laws are on the books already . 
  K: If propose causes never mention then agent of propose is the same as agent of never mention

277.S: If you kill your mother-in-law because you hate her , that is not a hate crime . 
  K: If hate causes kill then agent of hate is the same as agent of kill

278.S: I try to provoke him a bit more . 
  K: If try causes provoke then agent of try is the same as agent of provoke

279.S: But before he can pursue this Clintonian distinction any further , Bush 's press secretary Karen Hughes steps in to rescue him . 
  K: If step causes rescue then agent of step is the same as agent of rescue

280.S: Pat Buchanan The only candidate here who really knows how to give a rousing speech . 
  K: If know causes give then agent of know is the same as agent of give

281.S: If he thought that was heavy , wait until he campaigns next year carrying a 230-pound president on his back . '' 
  K: If think causes campaign then agent of think is the same as agent of campaign

282.S: The WP fronts President Clinton 's announcement that the Environmental Protection Agency will demand that states intensify efforts to combat water pollution . 
  K: If intensify causes combat then recipient of intensify is the same as agent of combat

283.S: Miller brings a deep intellectual understanding of what certain major acts have contributed to rock 'n' roll but short-shrifts others . 
  K: If contribute causes rock then recipient of contribute is the same as agent of rock

284.S: I admire Miller 's erudition , but I found his book dull . 
  K: If admire causes find then agent of admire is the same as agent of find

285.S: `` I thought he was pretty nice ... But then again , I knew that his beliefs were way out of line . 
  K: If think causes know then agent of think is the same as agent of know

286.S: -- Meda VanDyke on her neighbor , neo-Nazi murderer Buford Furrow `` He used to say , ` They 're watching me , through your satellite dish . ' 
  K: If use causes say then agent of use is the same as agent of say

287.S: I tried to convince him , but it made no difference ... He was just a regular guy when he did n't have this problem . 
  K: If try causes convince then agent of try is the same as agent of convince

288.S: No one wants to be blamed for not reporting a mass murderer . 
  K: If want causes blame then agent of want is the same as recipient of blame

289.S: Reporters rely on neighbors to flesh out the characters of killers , but what , really , do neighbors know ? 
  K: If rely causes flesh then agent of rely is the same as agent of flesh

290.S: They were rightly scared of Klebold and Harris : `` They 're really really creepy . '' 
  K: If scare causes 're then recipient of scare is the same as agent of 're

291.S: Because you can fake your way through a neighborly hello , but you ca n't fake your way through life . 
  K: If fake causes n't fake then agent of fake is the same as agent of n't fake

292.S: Because you can fake your way through a neighborly hello , but you ca n't fake your way through life . 
  K: If fake causes n't fake then recipient of fake is the same as recipient of n't fake

293.S: A textile manufacturer pins down the appeal : `` You can peek but not touch . 
  K: If peek causes not touch then agent of peek is the same as agent of not touch

294.S: One of my sons just woke up , so I 've got to run . 
  K: If get causes run then agent of get is the same as agent of run

295.S: My boys want me to grow a beard ; I tell them it 's not possible , but I 'll give it a try . 
  K: If tell causes give then agent of tell is the same as agent of give

296.S: Only then can I begin to face such questions as ... What do I think of Slate ? 
  K: If begin causes face then agent of begin is the same as agent of face

297.S: Both parties want to censor the media . 
  K: If want causes censor then agent of want is the same as agent of censor

298.S: Then Atlantic -- I like to read the cover essays . 
  K: If like causes read then agent of like is the same as agent of read

299.S: Nowadays , you just have to work a little harder to hear it . 
  K: If work causes hear then agent of work is the same as agent of hear

300.S: But does that qualify him to lead the country ? 
  K: If qualify causes lead then recipient of qualify is the same as agent of lead

301.S: I like his message , but I read it every day on the Journal 's editorial page . 
  K: If like causes read then agent of like is the same as agent of read

302.S: And before the year is out , expect Lucent and Cisco to announce more deals . 
  K: If expect causes announce then recipient of expect is the same as agent of announce

303.S: If , every time a company asks an INS consultant what kind of system it should install , the consultant says , `` Why , Lucent , of course , '' companies are n't going to be trusting INS much longer . 
  K: If n't go causes trust then agent of n't go is the same as agent of trust

304.S: But in acquiring INS , Lucent appears to be forgetting one of the most important lessons of the past two decades : Companies do best when they do only what they do best . 
  K: If appear causes forget then agent of appear is the same as agent of forget

305.S: It also serves to make Miller seem a lot more with-it than he might otherwise . 
  K: If serve causes make then agent of serve is the same as agent of make

306.S: Is it that we 're supposed to think the movie was made by the people who made Blair Witch ? 
  K: If suppose causes think then recipient of suppose is the same as agent of think

307.S: Money sifted through the Bank of New York account may have gone to pay contract killers and drug lords , the paper reports . 
  K: If go causes pay then agent of go is the same as agent of pay

308.S: If he had not used the stuff , he would certainly say so . 
  K: If not use causes say then agent of not use is the same as agent of say

309.S: None of these New York GOPers wants to incur the wrath of a possible President Bush . 
  K: If want causes incur then agent of want is the same as agent of incur

310.S: How can I make a free choice of what to buy if the seller wo n't tell me what I 'm buying -LRB- and I ca n't simply not buy food -RRB- ? 
  K: If buy causes n't buy then agent of buy is the same as agent of n't buy

311.S: How can I make a free choice of what to buy if the seller wo n't tell me what I 'm buying -LRB- and I ca n't simply not buy food -RRB- ? 
  K: If make causes n't buy then agent of make is the same as agent of n't buy

312.S: `` It 's a huge pot of honey that 's going to attract a lot of flies , '' says Russ Verney , the outgoing national chairman and a close Perot ally . 
  K: If go causes attract then agent of go is the same as agent of attract

313.S: If Perot successfully woos Buchanan and Ventura convinces Beatty to run , next year 's Reform Party nominating convention might be the most entertaining sideshow of the 2000 campaign . 
  K: If convince causes run then recipient of convince is the same as agent of run

314.S: But more and more of these disengaged bits of audio expressionism are floating around us , daring us to make sense of them . 
  K: If float causes dare then recipient of float is the same as recipient of dare

315.S: But more and more of these disengaged bits of audio expressionism are floating around us , daring us to make sense of them . 
  K: If dare causes make then recipient of dare is the same as agent of make

316.S: But more and more of these disengaged bits of audio expressionism are floating around us , daring us to make sense of them . 
  K: If dare causes make then recipient of dare is the same as agent of make

317.S: The odd thing , of course , is that you 'd think that Blodget 's clients would have to be furious that he was telling them to buy Amazon when it was far more expensive than it had been a week and a half before . 
  K: If tell causes buy then recipient of tell is the same as agent of buy

318.S: The two churches will recognize each other 's membership rolls and sacraments , and work together on missionary and social programs . 
  K: If recognize causes work then agent of recognize is the same as agent of work

319.S: The country is feverishly scrambling to bury its rotting corpses before they spawn disease . 
  K: If scramble causes bury then agent of scramble is the same as agent of bury

320.S: The paper also says the governors of three damaged provinces will be fired because they failed to put together efficient rescue teams . 
  K: If fail causes put then agent of fail is the same as agent of put

321.S: The paper also says the governors of three damaged provinces will be fired because they failed to put together efficient rescue teams . 
  K: If fail causes put then agent of fail is the same as agent of put

322.S: The paper also says the governors of three damaged provinces will be fired because they failed to put together efficient rescue teams . 
  K: If fail causes put then agent of fail is the same as agent of put

323.S: Gigot says Elizabeth Dole is running a listless campaign and needs to start focusing on major issues of public concern . 
  K: If need causes start then agent of need is the same as agent of start

324.S: Gigot says Elizabeth Dole is running a listless campaign and needs to start focusing on major issues of public concern . 
  K: If need causes start then agent of need is the same as agent of start

325.S: Infotainment , Fox-style : Fox News Sunday routinely airs sensational , 15-second spots that titillate viewers and try to convince them to stay tuned for upcoming segments . 
  K: If try causes convince then agent of try is the same as agent of convince

326.S: On the op-ed page of the Wall Street Journal , conservative stalwart William J. Bennett calls on George W. Bush to tell the nation directly whether he has ever used cocaine . 
  K: If call causes tell then agent of call is the same as agent of tell

327.S: -- I prefer my nephew 's `` bride-bride '' hitching phraseology -RRB- , I guess they told me . 
  K: If prefer causes guess then agent of prefer is the same as agent of guess

328.S: Is it the last gasp of a former culture that wants to hold back the new one ? 
  K: If want causes hold then agent of want is the same as agent of hold

329.S: I have to put my cards on the table here : I 'm really skeptical of the claims that I hear all around me about how the Internet is going to change the world as we know it . 
  K: If go causes change then agent of go is the same as agent of change

330.S: I have wracked my brain , and I can honestly tell you that I have not read '' Johnson 's article . 
  K: If wrack causes tell then agent of wrack is the same as agent of tell

331.S: -LRB- The New Republic 's Dana Milbank recently quoted Crowley saying she 's trying `` to humanize another Republican . '' -RRB- 
  K: If try causes humanize then agent of try is the same as agent of humanize

332.S: It 's hard to figure out what the bad things Cond Nast might do are , and it 's just as hard to figure out who is hurt by this deal -LRB- hard to figure out who 's being hurt that we do n't want to be hurt , that is -RRB- . 
  K: If n't want causes hurt then agent of n't want is the same as recipient of hurt

333.S: The pricing of magazines is difficult to decipher -LRB- it often , in fact , seems irrational -RRB- , but it 's unlikely that W 's cover price is going to rise just because it 's owned by the same company that owns Vogue . 
  K: If go causes rise then agent of go is the same as agent of rise

334.S: The flip side of this is that it will make advertisers think harder about why they advertise and where they advertise . 
  K: If advertise causes advertise then agent of advertise is the same as agent of advertise

335.S: The USAT cover story reports that a managed-care giant is attempting to cut emergency service costs by encouraging its customers to call the health plan before dialing 911 . 
  K: If encourage causes call then recipient of encourage is the same as agent of call

336.S: The USAT cover story reports that a managed-care giant is attempting to cut emergency service costs by encouraging its customers to call the health plan before dialing 911 . 
  K: If attempt causes cut then agent of attempt is the same as agent of cut

337.S: My general attitude is still that this is probably a good thing , because I 've always held the position that sunlight is the best disinfectant and all speech needs to be spoken . 
  K: If need causes speak then agent of need is the same as recipient of speak

338.S: And Amazon 's one-click shopping , AOL 's Buddy List , and eBay 's bidding frenzies are not going to change the world for the better . 
  K: If not go causes change then agent of not go is the same as agent of change

339.S: But I encounter rage and misbehavior when I drive to work every morning , as people seem to have lost a lot of the civility that used to rule . 
  K: If use causes rule then agent of use is the same as agent of rule

340.S: But I encounter rage and misbehavior when I drive to work every morning , as people seem to have lost a lot of the civility that used to rule . 
  K: If use causes rule then agent of use is the same as agent of rule

341.S: But I encounter rage and misbehavior when I drive to work every morning , as people seem to have lost a lot of the civility that used to rule . 
  K: If use causes rule then agent of use is the same as agent of rule

342.S: But I encounter rage and misbehavior when I drive to work every morning , as people seem to have lost a lot of the civility that used to rule . 
  K: If use causes rule then agent of use is the same as agent of rule

343.S: The first book had a simplish dramatic trajectory : Harry is sure he knows who are the good guys and who are the bad guys , but he guesses wrong . 
  K: If know causes guess then agent of know is the same as agent of guess

344.S: The Internet As Food Fight Dear Kara , Should we , too , agree to disagree ? 
  K: If agree causes disagree then agent of agree is the same as agent of disagree

345.S: It 's unsatisfying , but you 're probably right that we 're not going to change each other 's mind . 
  K: If not go causes change then agent of not go is the same as agent of change

346.S: It 's unsatisfying , but you 're probably right that we 're not going to change each other 's mind . 
  K: If not go causes change then agent of not go is the same as agent of change

347.S: But there are no phones on this train , and definitely no data ports to plug my nifty micro-laptop computer into . 
  K: If port causes plug then agent of port is the same as agent of plug

348.S: Most science teachers will continue to teach evolution . 
  K: If continue causes teach then agent of continue is the same as agent of teach

349.S: I used to joke that the idea of interactive television has been around since I had been a fetus , but that it never seemed to work . 
  K: If never seem causes work then agent of never seem is the same as agent of work

350.S: I used to joke that the idea of interactive television has been around since I had been a fetus , but that it never seemed to work . 
  K: If never seem causes work then agent of never seem is the same as agent of work

351.S: Someone utterly unmagical who nevertheless enters the wizard world and makes a difference . 
  K: If enter causes make then agent of enter is the same as agent of make

352.S: The review was not a good one , but I was heartened to hear that the author -- an early Web pundit and entrepreneur -- was arguing that humans have liked speed since the beginning of time . 
  K: If hearten causes hear then recipient of hearten is the same as agent of hear

353.S: I remember a long time ago that Steve said this would happen and I think the only question is if the company can finesse a soft landing that Netscape did not . 
  K: If remember causes think then agent of remember is the same as agent of think

354.S: But it was a diligent and totally focused executive named Steve Case who was able to take his ideas and make them real . 
  K: If name causes make then recipient of name is the same as agent of make

355.S: But it was a diligent and totally focused executive named Steve Case who was able to take his ideas and make them real . 
  K: If take causes make then agent of take is the same as agent of make

356.S: No winter gales penetrated its polished windows ; if the summer sun shone too vehemently , blinds were pulled down to protect the furnishings . 
  K: If pull causes protect then recipient of pull is the same as agent of protect

357.S: No winter gales penetrated its polished windows ; if the summer sun shone too vehemently , blinds were pulled down to protect the furnishings . 
  K: If pull causes protect then recipient of pull is the same as agent of protect

358.S: No winter gales penetrated its polished windows ; if the summer sun shone too vehemently , blinds were pulled down to protect the furnishings . 
  K: If pull causes protect then recipient of pull is the same as agent of protect

359.S: I used to think that I would get over this feeling ; now I know better . 
  K: If use causes think then agent of use is the same as agent of think

360.S: Or will it be none of them because the Internet allows and encourages a plethora of strong companies and a complex interconnection of businesses where none are allowed to dominate ? 
  K: If allow causes dominate then recipient of allow is the same as agent of dominate

361.S: Or will it be none of them because the Internet allows and encourages a plethora of strong companies and a complex interconnection of businesses where none are allowed to dominate ? 
  K: If allow causes dominate then recipient of allow is the same as agent of dominate

362.S: This seems genuinely unprecedented , and it may be one of those inexplicable phenomena the culture likes to toss our way every now and then . 
  K: If like causes toss then agent of like is the same as agent of toss

363.S: So Chatterbox decided to use this space to get the word out . 
  K: If decide causes use then agent of decide is the same as agent of use

364.S: It 's been a lot of fun ; it 's been thought-provoking ; and I feel as though I 've gotten to know you a little bit . 
  K: If get causes know then agent of get is the same as agent of know

365.S: The investigation , to be conducted by 40 FBI officials , will attempt to explain why the fact that incendiary canisters of tear gas were used was n't made public earlier . 
  K: If attempt causes explain then agent of attempt is the same as agent of explain

366.S: The type of leisure you tend to prefer is also a factor . 
  K: If tend causes prefer then agent of tend is the same as agent of prefer

367.S: According to the NYT , New York 's leadership helped persuade northeastern states to consider smaller levels of nitrogen oxide emission reductions . 
  K: If persuade causes consider then recipient of persuade is the same as agent of consider

368.S: According to the NYT , New York 's leadership helped persuade northeastern states to consider smaller levels of nitrogen oxide emission reductions . 
  K: If persuade causes consider then recipient of persuade is the same as agent of consider

369.S: International health specialists concerned with preventing malaria are trying to soften a possible U.N. global ban on DDT , the NYT reports . 
  K: If try causes soften then agent of try is the same as agent of soften

370.S: I mean , this is what I guess Gore feels like he has to do . 
  K: If mean causes guess then agent of mean is the same as agent of guess

371.S: The WP 's `` Names and Faces '' column reports that Monica Lewinsky would like to launch her own lipstick line and recently tested the staying power of various lipsticks . 
  K: If like causes launch then agent of like is the same as agent of launch

372.S: The WP 's `` Names and Faces '' column reports that Monica Lewinsky would like to launch her own lipstick line and recently tested the staying power of various lipsticks . 
  K: If report causes test then agent of report is the same as agent of test

373.S: Or if it is , at least the papers need to argue the point . 
  K: If need causes argue then agent of need is the same as agent of argue

374.S: If you do n't already know that Amazon is keeping a file on you , you ought to be forbidden to shop on the Internet . 
  K: If forbid causes shop then recipient of forbid is the same as agent of shop

375.S: If you do n't already know that Amazon is keeping a file on you , you ought to be forbidden to shop on the Internet . 
  K: If n't know causes forbid then agent of n't know is the same as recipient of forbid

376.S: If you do n't already know that Amazon is keeping a file on you , you ought to be forbidden to shop on the Internet . 
  K: If forbid causes shop then recipient of forbid is the same as agent of shop

377.S: If you do n't already know that Amazon is keeping a file on you , you ought to be forbidden to shop on the Internet . 
  K: If forbid causes shop then recipient of forbid is the same as agent of shop

378.S: Ad infinitum and nauseum . 
  K: If infinitum causes nauseum then agent of infinitum is the same as agent of nauseum

379.S: What makes such a move difficult is that although Beanie Babies may have reached the point of diminishing returns , they probably have not reached the point of nonexistent returns . 
  K: If reach causes not reach then recipient of reach is the same as recipient of not reach

380.S: Then comes the most surprising step : Yesterday , Janet Reno sent U.S. marshals over to seize the tape . 
  K: If marshal causes seize then agent of marshal is the same as agent of seize

381.S: Today 's Papers urges readers to always note the credit line accompanying an Op-Ed . 
  K: If urge causes note then recipient of urge is the same as agent of note

382.S: They cause the least amount of physical damage , but can only be used up close . 
  K: If cause causes use then agent of cause is the same as recipient of use

383.S: Both the NYT and the WP report that foreigners and journalists have left the country or have plans to leave . 
  K: If report causes plan then agent of report is the same as agent of plan

384.S: Both the NYT and the WP report that foreigners and journalists have left the country or have plans to leave . 
  K: If plan causes leave then agent of plan is the same as agent of leave

385.S: Her criticism , and that of legislators , prominent New York office-holders , and top law-enforcement officials , has forced the White House to reconsider its stance , the WP and NYT report . 
  K: If force causes reconsider then recipient of force is the same as agent of reconsider

386.S: The question is , How do we cut the losses , and how do we keep a process going where we continue to destroy nuclear weapons ? '' 
  K: If continue causes destroy then agent of continue is the same as agent of destroy

387.S: The WP 's Keith Richburg quotes diplomats and military analysts as saying that thousands of East Timorese members of Indonesian forces have deserted their units and joined the militias , and even cites some unconfirmed reports of soldiers firing on soldiers . 
  K: If join causes cite then agent of join is the same as agent of cite

388.S: The WP 's Keith Richburg quotes diplomats and military analysts as saying that thousands of East Timorese members of Indonesian forces have deserted their units and joined the militias , and even cites some unconfirmed reports of soldiers firing on soldiers . 
  K: If quote causes cite then agent of quote is the same as agent of cite

389.S: But Gore declines to give the paper any of the details . 
  K: If decline causes give then agent of decline is the same as agent of give

390.S: I do n't know -- I do n't really like to gloat . 
  K: If n't like causes gloat then agent of n't like is the same as agent of gloat

391.S: If a guidebook fact is going to make or break your vacation day , you 'd better call and double-check it yourself . 
  K: If go causes break then agent of go is the same as agent of break

392.S: It 's sappy , I know-and maybe because I 'm a girl , or a rationalist-but I always want people to find common ground and settle on some middling , `` third-way '' solution . -RRB- 
  K: If want causes settle then recipient of want is the same as agent of settle

393.S: Nancy Reagan 's advice was `` Just say no '' ; Hillary 's is apparently `` Just say anything-as long as the public wants to hear it . '' 
  K: If want causes hear then agent of want is the same as agent of hear

394.S: It 's going to be a great campaign to watch and write about , but I agree with you-following her is going to make us all dizzy . 
  K: If go causes make then agent of go is the same as agent of make

395.S: It 's going to be a great campaign to watch and write about , but I agree with you-following her is going to make us all dizzy . 
  K: If go causes make then agent of go is the same as agent of make

396.S: It 's going to be a great campaign to watch and write about , but I agree with you-following her is going to make us all dizzy . 
  K: If go causes make then agent of go is the same as agent of make

397.S: It 's going to be a great campaign to watch and write about , but I agree with you-following her is going to make us all dizzy . 
  K: If go causes make then agent of go is the same as agent of make

398.S: It 's going to be a great campaign to watch and write about , but I agree with you-following her is going to make us all dizzy . 
  K: If go causes make then agent of go is the same as agent of make

399.S: It 's going to be a great campaign to watch and write about , but I agree with you-following her is going to make us all dizzy . 
  K: If go causes make then agent of go is the same as agent of make

400.S: The LAT notes that this feature of the deal , tying up as it does many production and distribution entities , could stimulate other similar mergers among companies now needing more than ever to tie up their own . 
  K: If need causes tie then agent of need is the same as agent of tie

401.S: And anyway , a paper should be encouraged to revisit a topic as more information becomes available and better understood . 
  K: If encourage causes revisit then recipient of encourage is the same as agent of revisit

402.S: Even Clinton claimed he wanted to `` mend '' affirmative action . 
  K: If want causes mend then agent of want is the same as agent of mend

403.S: You 've got to face it , Tamar , we are a browning nation . 
  K: If get causes face then agent of get is the same as agent of face

404.S: And I love their `` celebrity '' picks : Frommer 's may be the Cronkite of travel guides , but only Access has Walter himself telling you where to nosh on the Upper West Side -LRB- Zabar 's -RRB- . 
  K: If tell causes nosh then recipient of tell is the same as agent of nosh

405.S: And I love their `` celebrity '' picks : Frommer 's may be the Cronkite of travel guides , but only Access has Walter himself telling you where to nosh on the Upper West Side -LRB- Zabar 's -RRB- . 
  K: If tell causes nosh then recipient of tell is the same as agent of nosh

406.S: And you may as well learn to love them . 
  K: If learn causes love then agent of learn is the same as agent of love

407.S: He must not expect others to bear what he will not . '' 
  K: If not expect causes bear then recipient of not expect is the same as agent of bear

408.S: McCain , one begins to understand , has been essentially the same person throughout his life . 
  K: If begin causes understand then agent of begin is the same as agent of understand

409.S: McCain 's rather feeble suicide attempts came after he could no longer resist and prepared to sign a confession saying he was a `` black criminal '' and an `` air pirate . '' 
  K: If prepare causes sign then agent of prepare is the same as agent of sign

410.S: He could n't hold out alone , and would n't have held up at all without the solidarity of his fellow inmates . 
  K: If n't hold causes n't hold then agent of n't hold is the same as agent of n't hold

411.S: Even the outspoken John McCain seems not to want to answer that question . 
  K: If seem causes not want then agent of seem is the same as agent of not want

412.S: Even the outspoken John McCain seems not to want to answer that question . 
  K: If not want causes answer then agent of not want is the same as agent of answer

413.S: -LRB- I still use that old-fashioned word because I think it best captures what I believe in-the still distant ideal of a truly shared , interracial community . -RRB- 
  K: If think causes use then agent of think is the same as agent of use

414.S: And I do n't think most whites want to step in the way of anyone-black , white , or brown-who 's qualified . 
  K: If want causes step then agent of want is the same as agent of step

415.S: We 've got to ask more of these people-on race and all the other issues that we care about . 
  K: If get causes ask then agent of get is the same as agent of ask

416.S: We 've got to ask more of these people-on race and all the other issues that we care about . 
  K: If ask causes care then agent of ask is the same as agent of care

417.S: Actually , since their publishing houses generally do n't provide food and hotel costs , they must rely on complimentary dinners and stays , which means that they notify the establishment ahead of time that they 're coming to write a review . 
  K: If come causes write then agent of come is the same as agent of write

418.S: Air travel is an everyday activity , entire cable channels are devoted to travel , and we buy enough guidebooks to support ever-deepening niche titles . 
  K: If buy causes support then recipient of buy is the same as agent of support

419.S: Air travel is an everyday activity , entire cable channels are devoted to travel , and we buy enough guidebooks to support ever-deepening niche titles . 
  K: If devote causes travel then recipient of devote is the same as agent of travel

420.S: I did not intend to cast aspersion . 
  K: If not intend causes cast then agent of not intend is the same as agent of cast

421.S: I asked him way back then what it would take to win . 
  K: If take causes win then recipient of take is the same as agent of win

422.S: The issues are important , Tamar , but the voters tend to make powerful , intestinally based judgments of a candidate 's likability . 
  K: If tend causes make then agent of tend is the same as agent of make

423.S: Indonesian soldiers stood by as thugs dragged a driver out of a truck and threatened to kill him . '' 
  K: If drag causes kill then agent of drag is the same as agent of kill

424.S: Indonesian soldiers stood by as thugs dragged a driver out of a truck and threatened to kill him . '' 
  K: If threaten causes kill then agent of threaten is the same as agent of kill

425.S: Indonesian soldiers stood by as thugs dragged a driver out of a truck and threatened to kill him . '' 
  K: If threaten causes kill then agent of threaten is the same as agent of kill

426.S: Is the me-too generation finally growing up and looking beyond itself ? 
  K: If grow causes look then agent of grow is the same as agent of look

427.S: Fodor 's has suggested itineraries , Access and Frommer 's have rating systems , but it still seems that you 've got to read the entire book to make sure you 're not missing something that you 'd enjoy , and that can be wearisome no matter how well they 're written . 
  K: If get causes read then agent of get is the same as agent of read

428.S: Jodi , I doubt that I 've done much to advance the science of travel guide writing , but I 've thoroughly enjoyed our discussion . 
  K: If do causes advance then agent of do is the same as agent of advance

429.S: Just something I thought you 'd like to know . 
  K: If like causes know then agent of like is the same as agent of know

430.S: The Gorites have seen this and are protecting that flank -- but not too flagrantly . 
  K: If see causes protect then agent of see is the same as agent of protect

431.S: He will not be out-compassioned and will utter sweet nothings even as he pulls the switch on the electric chair . 
  K: If utter causes pull then agent of utter is the same as agent of pull

432.S: When I go out to find and hire people I do not `` prefer '' someone nonwhite . 
  K: If find causes not prefer then agent of find is the same as agent of not prefer

433.S: I only wish the remedy were so obvious -- because if it were , I think the nation would muster the political will . 
  K: If wish causes think then agent of wish is the same as agent of think

434.S: Maybe my labels are unfair : Maybe I 'm just credulous and you 're more worldly-wise . 
  K: If 'm causes 're then agent of 'm is the same as agent of 're

435.S: They tended to like Pat Boone 's covers of Little Richard . 
  K: If tend causes like then agent of tend is the same as agent of like

436.S: I want mine to include a few well-chosen pans , to steer me away from the overrated and the overpriced . 
  K: If want causes steer then recipient of want is the same as agent of steer

437.S: I want mine to include a few well-chosen pans , to steer me away from the overrated and the overpriced . 
  K: If include causes steer then agent of include is the same as agent of steer

438.S: Then again , perhaps you 're just a more chipper traveler than I am ; you seemed to enjoy all your guidebooks equally . 
  K: If seem causes enjoy then agent of seem is the same as agent of enjoy

439.S: It must be great to have a vault full of a useless metal that 's valuable only because other people think it 's valuable and then find out that other people think it 's so valuable that if you sell it , the value will disappear . '' 
  K: If find causes sell then agent of find is the same as recipient of sell

440.S: It must be great to have a vault full of a useless metal that 's valuable only because other people think it 's valuable and then find out that other people think it 's so valuable that if you sell it , the value will disappear . '' 
  K: If find causes sell then agent of find is the same as recipient of sell

441.S: It must be great to have a vault full of a useless metal that 's valuable only because other people think it 's valuable and then find out that other people think it 's so valuable that if you sell it , the value will disappear . '' 
  K: If find causes sell then agent of find is the same as recipient of sell

442.S: Among other things , Jenson would like to work on making Amazon 's stock price ` more stable . ' 
  K: If like causes work then agent of like is the same as agent of work

443.S: Federal investigators suspect that Russian mobsters may have used the Bank of New York to launder as much as $ 10 billion over the last two years . 
  K: If use causes launder then recipient of use is the same as agent of launder

444.S: It is used by drugs traffickers , arms smugglers , and anyone else who needs to spend ill-gotten gains without arousing suspicion . 
  K: If need causes spend then agent of need is the same as agent of spend

445.S: The seas , which desired to reproduce , made a golden egg . 
  K: If desire causes reproduce then agent of desire is the same as agent of reproduce

446.S: God told them to reproduce and rule over the world 's living things . 
  K: If tell causes rule then recipient of tell is the same as agent of rule

447.S: God told them to reproduce and rule over the world 's living things . 
  K: If reproduce causes rule then agent of reproduce is the same as agent of rule

448.S: Bush failed to show up , because of bad weather , and Gore took the opportunity to show him up : `` The Gore campaign , better known for playing defense most of the year , quickly seized the offensive . 
  K: If fail causes show then agent of fail is the same as agent of show

449.S: The Yugoslav army claims it might invade Kosovo because the U.N. has failed to protect non-Albanian civilians . 
  K: If fail causes protect then agent of fail is the same as agent of protect

450.S: A senior French commander acknowledged that peacekeeping officials suspect Serbian paramilitaries are permeating northern Kosovo and stirring up unrest . 
  K: If permeate causes stir then agent of permeate is the same as agent of stir

451.S: The NYT notes that his comment provoked Martina to call Mr. Williams a `` big mouth . '' 
  K: If provoke causes call then recipient of provoke is the same as agent of call

452.S: Some of the offending judges are quoted saying that they are `` chagrined '' and promise `` to try to be more careful . '' 
  K: If promise causes try then agent of promise is the same as agent of try

453.S: Some of the offending judges are quoted saying that they are `` chagrined '' and promise `` to try to be more careful . '' 
  K: If promise causes try then agent of promise is the same as agent of try

454.S: Some of the offending judges are quoted saying that they are `` chagrined '' and promise `` to try to be more careful . '' 
  K: If promise causes try then agent of promise is the same as agent of try

455.S: Some of the offending judges are quoted saying that they are `` chagrined '' and promise `` to try to be more careful . '' 
  K: If promise causes try then agent of promise is the same as agent of try

456.S: The little old lady fessed up this past Saturday , saying that she had been trying to help Russia keep abreast of Britain , America and Germany . 
  K: If try causes help then agent of try is the same as agent of help

457.S: If , if , if , precautions -- I think all precautions were taken , you know , to make sure all human life was preserved . '' 
  K: If know causes make then agent of know is the same as agent of make

458.S: Now we , who once critiqued the town , are invited to critique the town 's critics . 
  K: If invite causes critique then recipient of invite is the same as agent of critique

459.S: Does it take a Disney to save the American community ? 
  K: If take causes save then recipient of take is the same as agent of save

460.S: Easy Generalizations and Meta-Guilt Nora : The only Salter novel I 've read is Light Years , which I thought was just great . 
  K: If read causes think then agent of read is the same as agent of think

461.S: -LRB- You take a strip of paper , give it a half twist , and paste the ends together , enabling you to draw a continuous never-ending line on it . -RRB- 
  K: If enable causes draw then recipient of enable is the same as agent of draw

462.S: Could n't -LRB- and should n't -RRB- the Writers Guild simply make this a non-negotiable issue and change the custom overnight ? 
  K: If n't make causes change then agent of n't make is the same as agent of change

463.S: And no , I do n't think nanny-state leftism is going to make a big American comeback soon , either , at least not absent a depression . 
  K: If go causes make then agent of go is the same as agent of make

464.S: Walter S. Mossberg , who writes the Wall Street Journal 's `` Personal Technology '' column , wrote in to dispute this last point . 
  K: If write causes dispute then agent of write is the same as agent of dispute

465.S: Chatterbox continues to doubt , however , that boomers represented a majority of that public until the 1960s . 
  K: If continue causes doubt then agent of continue is the same as agent of doubt

466.S: But my father forced me to buy a lame , horrible pop tune called `` Melodie D'Amour '' by the Mills Brothers or the Ames Brothers or some lame brothers . 
  K: If force causes buy then recipient of force is the same as agent of buy

467.S: I think if you went around and asked any number of reasonably well-established buyout firms , they approach it the same way . 
  K: If go causes ask then agent of go is the same as agent of ask

468.S: While I do n't share your enthusiasm , I agree that Ross-and you-make an important point : Celebration is not a world apart . 
  K: If n't share causes agree then agent of n't share is the same as agent of agree

469.S: -- Kurt Andersen , paraphrasing Ephron If Nick is right , as he surely is , that the cops are driven to bust more non-criminals in order to keep their arrest numbers up , is n't it just a -LRB- non-simple -RRB- matter of tweaking the incentivization scheme ? 
  K: If drive causes bust then recipient of drive is the same as agent of bust

470.S: -- Kurt Andersen , paraphrasing Ephron If Nick is right , as he surely is , that the cops are driven to bust more non-criminals in order to keep their arrest numbers up , is n't it just a -LRB- non-simple -RRB- matter of tweaking the incentivization scheme ? 
  K: If drive causes bust then recipient of drive is the same as agent of bust

471.S: Now , there 's nothing wrong with quoting short-sellers on companies , even when they stand to make a great deal of money if their comments knock those companies ' stock prices down . 
  K: If stand causes make then agent of stand is the same as agent of make

472.S: I know the 21st lawyer and have watched horrified as he argued that anyone 's 5-year-old deserves a $ 26,000 antique desk , so I hope he has learned something . 
  K: If argue causes learn then agent of argue is the same as agent of learn

473.S: You pick the thing up and it demands to be flipped through . 
  K: If demand causes flip then agent of demand is the same as recipient of flip

474.S: Chatty does n't have to mean writers should be allowed to make fools of themselves through excessive preening . 
  K: If allow causes make then recipient of allow is the same as agent of make

475.S: But so what if Talk fails to grip our attention ? 
  K: If fail causes grip then agent of fail is the same as agent of grip

476.S: Sure , there 's a biggish , scary lunatic right -- the Gary Bauerite creationist anti-gay regiments -- but they 're not going to be running the country or amending the Constitution anytime soon . 
  K: If not go causes amend then agent of not go is the same as agent of amend

477.S: I really think national politics kind of needs to be blown up and rebuilt . 
  K: If think causes blow then recipient of think is the same as recipient of blow

478.S: I really think national politics kind of needs to be blown up and rebuilt . 
  K: If blow causes rebuild then recipient of blow is the same as recipient of rebuild

479.S: His language inclined me to like him . 
  K: If incline causes like then recipient of incline is the same as agent of like

480.S: I did n't fly on one , I hasten to say . 
  K: If n't fly causes say then agent of n't fly is the same as agent of say

481.S: I did n't fly on one , I hasten to say . 
  K: If hasten causes say then agent of hasten is the same as agent of say

482.S: I did n't fly on one , I hasten to say . 
  K: If hasten causes say then agent of hasten is the same as agent of say

483.S: The next day I saw him and said , `` I thought you were going home . '' 
  K: If see causes think then agent of see is the same as agent of think

484.S: The next day I saw him and said , `` I thought you were going home . '' 
  K: If say causes think then agent of say is the same as agent of think

485.S: Now , what he meant was not that he could n't get a flight home -- there are , as you know , dozens of flights to L.A. every day -- but that he could n't get the Warner jet . 
  K: If know causes L.A. then recipient of know is the same as agent of L.A.

486.S: And Coliseum Books was relieved when my publisher called and suggested we might want to think about rescheduling the reading there on account of Floyd 's torrents . 
  K: If want causes think then agent of want is the same as agent of think

487.S: And Coliseum Books was relieved when my publisher called and suggested we might want to think about rescheduling the reading there on account of Floyd 's torrents . 
  K: If want causes think then agent of want is the same as agent of think

488.S: It was that in defending them , he tried to cast doubt on the Holocaust itself . 
  K: If try causes cast then agent of try is the same as agent of cast

489.S: -LRB- He says the people 's symbols should n't be chosen by `` elites '' and `` modernists '' -- I wonder whom he could mean . -RRB- 
  K: If say causes mean then agent of say is the same as agent of mean

490.S: What happens when the economic interests that are destroying American society are pretending to reconstitute it right next door ? 
  K: If pretend causes reconstitute then agent of pretend is the same as agent of reconstitute

491.S: There is no motel , but there is a bed and breakfast -LRB- I happen to prefer the former -RRB- . 
  K: If happen causes prefer then agent of happen is the same as agent of prefer

492.S: -LRB- Are hardnosed New Yorkers really supposed to be taking half-days because of a little rain ? -RRB- 
  K: If suppose causes take then agent of suppose is the same as agent of take

493.S: I 'd love to hear the rest of that conversation : ' I do n't drive , either . 
  K: If love causes hear then agent of love is the same as agent of hear

494.S: I practically remember where I was sitting when I first read it . 
  K: If sit causes remember then agent of sit is the same as agent of remember

495.S: Bush I find dangerous precisely because he will win according to my criteria -LRB- and yours -RRB- , and he knows absolutely nothing . 
  K: If win causes know then agent of win is the same as agent of know

496.S: I mean , God would strike me dead if I voted Republican . 
  K: If mean causes vote then agent of mean is the same as agent of vote

497.S: I think Sydney Pollack tried to help , although I could be wrong . 
  K: If try causes help then agent of try is the same as agent of help

498.S: -LRB- This story fronts the LAT business section and was reported yesterday by the online version of the NYT . -RRB- 
  K: If front causes report then agent of front is the same as recipient of report

499.S: Congress has begun to phase out the tax exemption , reducing the attractiveness of investment there . 
  K: If begin causes phase then agent of begin is the same as agent of phase

500.S: But independence critics dismiss it as unworkable , saying Puerto Rico lacks the infrastructure and natural resources to compete effectively . 
  K: If lack causes compete then recipient of lack is the same as agent of compete

501.S: You know it , and I know it . '' 
  K: If know causes know then recipient of know is the same as recipient of know

502.S: Its basic premise is that certain kinds of people end up doing certain kinds of jobs when they grow up , which is certainly an unsurprising enough premise . 
  K: If end causes do then agent of end is the same as recipient of do

503.S: Who wants to know ? 
  K: If want causes know then agent of want is the same as agent of know

504.S: Or , it may be because she does n't want to answer the question . 
  K: If n't want causes answer then agent of n't want is the same as agent of answer

505.S: Also on the show was Matt Drudge of the Drudge Report , who said , `` I have n't done cocaine '' but declined to say whether he 's used any illegal drugs . 
  K: If decline causes say then agent of decline is the same as agent of say

506.S: -LRB- Drudge refused to ask , and Lamb seemed about to ask , but then did n't . -RRB- 
  K: If seem causes ask then agent of seem is the same as agent of ask

507.S: `` The government has offered no evidence '' ; `` Professor Fisher offered no analysis '' ; `` Microsoft has never induced an OEM to drop their competitors ' products . '' 
  K: If never induce causes drop then recipient of never induce is the same as agent of drop

508.S: Judge Jackson pounds his gavel and leaves the massive courtroom . 
  K: If pound causes leave then agent of pound is the same as agent of leave

509.S: While the company was hurt when it lost the NFL and had to pay through the nose to keep ER and Friends , it remains the most profitable broadcast network , its cable properties are booming , and even its Internet strategy appears to be taking off . 
  K: If appear causes take then agent of appear is the same as agent of take

510.S: `` And if you do good programming , you 're going to get picked up . 
  K: If go causes pick then agent of go is the same as recipient of pick

511.S: Under Bush 's proposal , states would be required to test their `` disadvantaged '' students on academic basics every year . 
  K: If require causes test then recipient of require is the same as agent of test

512.S: Since the Chronicle story was published , one private school has agreed to accept 25 students . 
  K: If agree causes accept then agent of agree is the same as agent of accept

513.S: So Chatterbox knocked out 1977 and 1978 and recalculated Gore 's lifetime LCV score . 
  K: If knock causes recalculate then agent of knock is the same as agent of recalculate

514.S: Conclusion : No matter how hard you try to give Gore a break , Bradley has the greener congressional voting record . 
  K: If try causes give then agent of try is the same as agent of give

515.S: The Times news story more or less congratulates Brooklyn Museum director Arnold Lehman for failing to be `` intimidated by Mr. Giuliani 's expression of outrage '' -LRB- imagine how differently the story would read if it said Lehman failed to be `` moved by Mr. Giuliani 's expression of outrage '' -RRB- . 
  K: If fail causes move then agent of fail is the same as recipient of move

516.S: But federal officials are planning to investigate whether the alleged misdeeds are `` pattern and practice '' on the force . 
  K: If plan causes investigate then agent of plan is the same as agent of investigate

517.S: It 's a move that 's obviously designed to bolster his Senate candidacy : The British artists are his Murphy Brown and Sister Souljah . 
  K: If design causes bolster then recipient of design is the same as agent of bolster

518.S: The professor returned to give his reasons some minutes later . 
  K: If return causes give then agent of return is the same as agent of give

519.S: When asked later whether his question was designed to embarrass Jackson rather than elicit information , Will argued , `` That 's information , too . '' 
  K: If design causes embarrass then recipient of design is the same as agent of embarrass

520.S: Bush seems to know this . '' 
  K: If seem causes know then agent of seem is the same as agent of know

521.S: All California seems to agree that the state 's child support programs needed today 's legislative fix , but the LAT waits until after the jump to describe what 's wrong , and how the reforms will fix it . 
  K: If seem causes agree then agent of seem is the same as agent of agree

522.S: Of Sukkoth and the Brooklyn Museum Dear George , I was hoping to start our correspondence a little earlier this morning , but the schedule of a working mom is not always predictable . 
  K: If hope causes start then agent of hope is the same as agent of start

523.S: When I read it again , I got angrier . 
  K: If read causes get then agent of read is the same as agent of get

524.S: Supporters of Republican presidential candidates are presumably gleeful that this contest is being scored at all and do n't much care how big the gap is . 
  K: If score causes n't care then recipient of score is the same as agent of n't care

525.S: We do n't trust central planners anymore because we know they can never know as much as or react as quickly as markets can . 
  K: If know causes n't trust then agent of know is the same as agent of n't trust

526.S: City living , as many working women are beginning to understand , provides much more flexibility and precious time than the suburban commuter life . 
  K: If begin causes understand then agent of begin is the same as agent of understand

527.S: But I do n't want to say that Lemann is an old fashioned elitist . 
  K: If n't want causes say then agent of n't want is the same as agent of say

528.S: I 've never met the man , but I admire him through his writings . 
  K: If never meet causes admire then agent of never meet is the same as agent of admire

529.S: The current university system seems to inculcate such values . 
  K: If seem causes inculcate then agent of seem is the same as agent of inculcate

530.S: But as I traveled around doing my research , I could n't find any evidence of this class revolt . 
  K: If travel causes n't find then agent of travel is the same as agent of n't find

531.S: Indeed , the rest of America seems to want to learn how to drink espressos like we do . 
  K: If seem causes want then agent of seem is the same as agent of want

532.S: Indeed , the rest of America seems to want to learn how to drink espressos like we do . 
  K: If want causes learn then agent of want is the same as agent of learn

533.S: You mentioned yesterday that today you were going to take on his concluding section . 
  K: If go causes take then agent of go is the same as agent of take

534.S: Lemann , while he is only reporting this , seems to approve . 
  K: If seem causes approve then agent of seem is the same as agent of approve

535.S: But if that 's true , it can not be extrapolated that movies continue to get worse as audiences continue to expand . 
  K: If continue causes expand then agent of continue is the same as agent of expand

536.S: I cite all this evidence because I ca n't help but take social science seriously . 
  K: If n't help causes cite then agent of n't help is the same as agent of cite

537.S: Each city has begun to find ways to reclaim public spaces and control and nurture its youth on its own terms -- Boston , San Diego , Fort Worth , etc. . 
  K: If begin causes find then agent of begin is the same as agent of find

538.S: Each city has begun to find ways to reclaim public spaces and control and nurture its youth on its own terms -- Boston , San Diego , Fort Worth , etc. . 
  K: If find causes control then recipient of find is the same as agent of control

539.S: Richard Ben Cramer 's What It Takes comes to mind . 
  K: If come causes mind then agent of come is the same as agent of mind

540.S: I know that the public likes to be entertained , but would this museum story actually be playing for an entire week if it did n't have a salacious element to it and the mayor was n't using it to score points with conservative voters ? 
  K: If like causes entertain then agent of like is the same as recipient of entertain

541.S: They wanted to create a small elite class of guardians who would serve the public selflessly . 
  K: If want causes create then agent of want is the same as agent of create

542.S: That was elitist , and America tends to wash away elitist plans . 
  K: If tend causes wash then agent of tend is the same as agent of wash

543.S: It was also naive , and reality tends to smash those notions . 
  K: If tend causes smash then agent of tend is the same as agent of smash

544.S: And if it was n't going to take action to do the latter , it 's hard to see why we should it expect to act to do the former . 
  K: If n't go causes expect then agent of n't go is the same as agent of expect

545.S: And if it was n't going to take action to do the latter , it 's hard to see why we should it expect to act to do the former . 
  K: If take causes expect then agent of take is the same as agent of expect

546.S: And if it was n't going to take action to do the latter , it 's hard to see why we should it expect to act to do the former . 
  K: If expect causes act then agent of expect is the same as agent of act

547.S: And if it was n't going to take action to do the latter , it 's hard to see why we should it expect to act to do the former . 
  K: If expect causes act then agent of expect is the same as agent of act

548.S: And if it was n't going to take action to do the latter , it 's hard to see why we should it expect to act to do the former . 
  K: If expect causes act then agent of expect is the same as agent of act

549.S: -LRB- It ca n't act to manipulate interest rates , since rates are already near zero . -RRB- 
  K: If n't act causes manipulate then agent of n't act is the same as agent of manipulate

550.S: Likewise , I am perplexed by public funding of churches to provide certain kinds of social or other kinds of public services . 
  K: If perplex causes provide then recipient of perplex is the same as agent of provide

551.S: The Brooklyn Museum hired Floyd Abrams to sue the mayor and New York City . 
  K: If hire causes sue then recipient of hire is the same as agent of sue

552.S: Although I have n't finished Fukuyama 's book , he seems to suggest a biological drive toward order and that humans are rational , can see their mistakes , and can correct themselves . 
  K: If seem causes suggest then agent of seem is the same as agent of suggest

553.S: `` Successive headlines on TheStreet.com 's International news page read : ` Central Bankers Look Set to Lengthen the Good Times ' and ` Leaders Fiddle As World Burns . ' 
  K: If read causes Leaders then agent of read is the same as agent of Leaders

554.S: But if you watched it on C-Span , you did learn what his political views are . 
  K: If watch causes learn then agent of watch is the same as agent of learn

555.S: He wants to recognize Cuba , pass single-payer health-care insurance , install public financing of elections , and spend more money on every social problem ever discovered . 
  K: If want causes install then agent of want is the same as agent of install

556.S: If it 's the idea of the thing rather than the thing itself that 's going to influence the people who will influence the public , why type the words or cast the dung upon the canvas ? 
  K: If go causes influence then agent of go is the same as agent of influence

557.S: If it 's the idea of the thing rather than the thing itself that 's going to influence the people who will influence the public , why type the words or cast the dung upon the canvas ? 
  K: If influence causes cast then recipient of influence is the same as agent of cast

558.S: If it 's the idea of the thing rather than the thing itself that 's going to influence the people who will influence the public , why type the words or cast the dung upon the canvas ? 
  K: If influence causes cast then agent of influence is the same as agent of cast

559.S: The comments were condemned by the Reform party chairman , but were defended by the party 's Minnesota chairman . 
  K: If condemn causes defend then agent of condemn is the same as agent of defend

560.S: The comments were condemned by the Reform party chairman , but were defended by the party 's Minnesota chairman . 
  K: If condemn causes defend then recipient of condemn is the same as recipient of defend

561.S: Now that Bradley is deemed viable by the press , he 's beginning to receive harsher scrutiny . 
  K: If begin causes receive then agent of begin is the same as agent of receive

562.S: Genes are hereditary units that carry nature 's blueprints for making the multitude of proteins that build enzymes and other body chemicals to sustain life . 
  K: If build causes sustain then recipient of build is the same as agent of sustain

563.S: New York state 's attorney general proposed that an independent monitor be appointed to make sure any agreement is carried out . 
  K: If appoint causes make then recipient of appoint is the same as agent of make

564.S: Originally a sports writer and long-time Bush associate was slated to author the book . 
  K: If slate causes author then recipient of slate is the same as agent of author

565.S: John McCain and Pat Buchanan want to stop all soft money . 
  K: If want causes stop then agent of want is the same as agent of stop

566.S: Steve Forbes would like to lift contribution limits . 
  K: If like causes lift then agent of like is the same as agent of lift

567.S: The former educator allowed that social connections influenced which kiddies were admitted to kindergarten under her reign . 
  K: If admit causes kindergarten then recipient of admit is the same as agent of kindergarten

568.S: -LRB- This week Dinesh D'Souza and Alan Brinkley discuss Dutch in Slate 's Book Club . -RRB- 
  K: If Dinesh_D'Souza causes discuss then agent of Dinesh_D'Souza is the same as agent of discuss

569.S: Last Word `` Actors are trained not to focus too closely on their individual witnesses , or spectators . 
  K: If train causes not focus then recipient of train is the same as agent of not focus

570.S: Defense officials warn that this success was only a first step , and much more work is required to provide comprehensive protection . 
  K: If require causes provide then recipient of require is the same as agent of provide

571.S: Last Gasp of the Intelligentsia Lots of people are complaining that Edmund Morris is a biographer who likes to make things up . 
  K: If like causes make then agent of like is the same as agent of make

572.S: Morris speculates that Reagan married his first wife , Jane Wyman , because she threatened to commit suicide if he did n't . 
  K: If threaten causes commit then agent of threaten is the same as agent of commit

573.S: I feel that I have n't given you anything to really start a fight about here , so I am going to close by saying that I really like the Backstreet Boys , especially Howie . 
  K: If go causes close then agent of go is the same as agent of close

574.S: But Morris ' potentially interesting effort to expand the boundaries of biography seems to have gone out of control . 
  K: If seem causes go then agent of seem is the same as agent of go

575.S: Most politicians go off the record when they want to state the obvious . 
  K: If want causes state then agent of want is the same as agent of state

576.S: You know he really hates the press , and is forcing himself to try to win them over . 
  K: If try causes win then agent of try is the same as agent of win

577.S: You know he really hates the press , and is forcing himself to try to win them over . 
  K: If force causes try then recipient of force is the same as agent of try

578.S: You know he really hates the press , and is forcing himself to try to win them over . 
  K: If try causes win then agent of try is the same as agent of win

579.S: You know he really hates the press , and is forcing himself to try to win them over . 
  K: If try causes win then agent of try is the same as agent of win

580.S: You know he really hates the press , and is forcing himself to try to win them over . 
  K: If force causes try then recipient of force is the same as agent of try

581.S: You know he really hates the press , and is forcing himself to try to win them over . 
  K: If try causes win then agent of try is the same as agent of win

582.S: I promised that I 'd explain why so much money is being heaped on George W. Bush to make him president , and here goes . 
  K: If heap causes make then recipient of heap is the same as agent of make

583.S: I promised that I 'd explain why so much money is being heaped on George W. Bush to make him president , and here goes . 
  K: If heap causes make then recipient of heap is the same as agent of make

584.S: The missiles are designed to deliver conventional weapons , but can be easily adapted to carry a payload of anthrax or a small , dirty atomic bomb . 
  K: If design causes deliver then recipient of design is the same as agent of deliver

585.S: The missiles are designed to deliver conventional weapons , but can be easily adapted to carry a payload of anthrax or a small , dirty atomic bomb . 
  K: If adapt causes carry then recipient of adapt is the same as agent of carry

586.S: I wonder , however , having now watched the show , that it may be its impenetrable Japanese-ness is what really scares parents . 
  K: If wonder causes watch then agent of wonder is the same as agent of watch

587.S: I like your conspiracy theory , but where most such theories fall apart on the unlikelihood of the conspirators being sufficiently organized to carry off such a thing , yours falls apart on the unlikelihood of any alternative candidate 's being sufficiently disorganized not to understand the benefits of serving the interests of corporate oil . 
  K: If organize causes carry then recipient of organize is the same as agent of carry

588.S: Also , while I do n't like to quibble , I do n't think W. is a self-admitted cokehead . 
  K: If n't like causes quibble then agent of n't like is the same as agent of quibble

589.S: Still , Chatterbox hates to think that Out-of-Town News will become some sort of museum of print , a precious relic of a bygone age . 
  K: If hate causes think then agent of hate is the same as agent of think

590.S: We 've really got to stop this collaboration across the political spectrum . 
  K: If get causes stop then agent of get is the same as agent of stop

591.S: He not only has his own ego willing him to succeed , but also shareholders . 
  K: If will causes succeed then recipient of will is the same as agent of succeed

592.S: It is hard to know where to begin to critique this monumentally ignorant description of the welfare system . 
  K: If begin causes know then agent of begin is the same as agent of know

593.S: Philippe de Montebello is the director of the Metropolitan Museum of Art , I did mean to say . 
  K: If mean causes say then agent of mean is the same as agent of say

594.S: I simply let it slide and ignore it . 
  K: If slide causes ignore then agent of slide is the same as agent of ignore

595.S: I simply let it slide and ignore it . 
  K: If slide causes ignore then recipient of slide is the same as agent of ignore

596.S: Scientists were also demanding a standardized system to facilitate international cooperation on research . 
  K: If demand causes facilitate then recipient of demand is the same as agent of facilitate

597.S: It was also easier to remember than other systems because it was based on the decimal system . 
  K: If base causes remember then recipient of base is the same as agent of remember

598.S: It is a classic instance of path dependency : Once a course is chosen , it is difficult to induce people to switch . 
  K: If induce causes switch then recipient of induce is the same as agent of switch

599.S: While in Baltimore , Lehman also did an exhibition involving Warner Bros. cartoons , which seemed to bug the Post writer , Rod Dreher , almost as much . 
  K: If seem causes bug then agent of seem is the same as agent of bug

600.S: Reagan promised to bring inflation down , and he did . 
  K: If promise causes bring then agent of promise is the same as agent of bring

601.S: Indeed the Soviet empire itself came under unendurable strains and began to collapse . 
  K: If come causes begin then agent of come is the same as agent of begin

602.S: Indeed the Soviet empire itself came under unendurable strains and began to collapse . 
  K: If begin causes collapse then agent of begin is the same as agent of collapse

603.S: This is why , despite his strenuous efforts , Morris finally fails to make sense of Reagan and the effects of Reaganism . 
  K: If fail causes make then agent of fail is the same as agent of make

604.S: I like his T.R. book very much , and I like him -LRB- although I do n't know him well -RRB- and consider him an interesting and very intelligent man . 
  K: If like causes consider then agent of like is the same as agent of consider

605.S: Have you made a political calculation that you can afford to alienate the right wing if that means courting more moderate voters ? 
  K: If afford causes alienate then agent of afford is the same as agent of alienate

606.S: They may understand the politics of school choice or welfare reform , but tend to be far shakier on the substance . 
  K: If understand causes tend then agent of understand is the same as agent of tend

607.S: But the main event is today , when the House votes on competing `` patient rights '' bills , which would allow customers to sue their HMOs . 
  K: If allow causes sue then recipient of allow is the same as agent of sue

608.S: I can not hope to settle this large issue here . 
  K: If not hope causes settle then agent of not hope is the same as agent of settle

609.S: He united the Western coalition , and he led Gorbachev over the precipice . 
  K: If unite causes lead then agent of unite is the same as agent of lead

610.S: Like how Kathie Lee and other sweatshop profiteers should thank those CIA-sponsored death squads of the '80s , and the taxpayers who footed the bill . 
  K: If thank causes foot then recipient of thank is the same as agent of foot

611.S: But I agree that k.j. , who called us `` overpaid , '' needs to be set straight . 
  K: If need causes set then agent of need is the same as recipient of set

612.S: That 's only leaves me to thank you for making the suggestion , Susan for spotting some useful news items , and Slate for having me in for the ride . 
  K: If leave causes thank then recipient of leave is the same as agent of thank

613.S: National standards would set a benchmark for what children of different ages should be expected to know . 
  K: If expect causes know then recipient of expect is the same as agent of know

614.S: Weekend Cocktail Chatter I 'd say it was a week dominated by merger talk , but then it seems almost every week is dominated by merger talk . 
  K: If say causes seem then recipient of say is the same as agent of seem

615.S: Oil prices were down , the dollar was up : For at least a week , October refused to destroy investors . 
  K: If refuse causes destroy then agent of refuse is the same as agent of destroy

616.S: It 's a little-known fact , but the phrase ` Hope springs eternal ' was actually coined to describe AMD investors . '' 
  K: If coin causes describe then recipient of coin is the same as agent of describe

617.S: The President continues : `` And I 'm not , you know what I mean ? 
  K: If not 'm causes mean then agent of not 'm is the same as agent of mean

618.S: Accepted , I 'm not pro-Israel ; I 'm not going to let Israel 's tail wag the dog . '' 
  K: If not go causes let then agent of not go is the same as agent of let

619.S: Which raises the question : Where to put the chuppah ? 
  K: If raise causes put then recipient of raise is the same as agent of put

620.S: The settlement does not cover 100 outstanding lawsuits , which could cost another $ 1 billion to settle . 
  K: If not cover causes cost then recipient of not cover is the same as agent of cost

621.S: But the question the Swedish Academy forces us to address is not whether Grass is a Soviet apologist . 
  K: If force causes address then recipient of force is the same as agent of address

622.S: Thereafter he plays a tin drum in lieu of speaking aloud and , when anyone tries to take it away , screams so shrilly that he shatters glass all around him . 
  K: If try causes take then agent of try is the same as agent of take

623.S: Since a 1992 moratorium on underground testing , the government has used computer and nonnuclear explosive tests to check America 's nuclear stockpile . 
  K: If use causes check then recipient of use is the same as agent of check

624.S: Since the treaty probably can not muster the 67 Senate votes it needs to be ratified , the president 's deputies actually argue that it should be tabled rather than voted on . 
  K: If need causes vote then agent of need is the same as recipient of vote

625.S: Since the treaty probably can not muster the 67 Senate votes it needs to be ratified , the president 's deputies actually argue that it should be tabled rather than voted on . 
  K: If ratify causes vote then recipient of ratify is the same as recipient of vote

626.S: She refers to herself as a `` diva . '' 
  K: If refer causes herself then agent of refer is the same as agent of herself

627.S: I checked cdnow.com just now , and could n't find any Donna Brazile CDs . 
  K: If check causes n't find then agent of check is the same as agent of n't find

628.S: All lives ought to be considered equal under the law ; if you kill someone because they 're gay , it should n't be worse than killing someone because they like the Mets . 
  K: If 're causes like then agent of 're is the same as agent of like

629.S: As for the death penalty , it 's not like murderers do n't deserve to die ; of course they do . 
  K: If n't deserve causes die then agent of n't deserve is the same as agent of die

630.S: It shows how these two are not as dissimilar as Bush wants us to think they are . 
  K: If want causes think then recipient of want is the same as agent of think

631.S: He knows that if all this helps get Bush elected , he 'll save congressional seats as well . 
  K: If know causes save then agent of know is the same as agent of save

632.S: Susan Faludi 's men are being crushed as the tectonic plates of history roil and split and mow them down . 
  K: If roil causes mow then agent of roil is the same as agent of mow

633.S: Susan Faludi 's men are being crushed as the tectonic plates of history roil and split and mow them down . 
  K: If split causes mow then agent of split is the same as agent of mow

634.S: No one was allowed to venture outside their roles . 
  K: If allow causes venture then recipient of allow is the same as agent of venture

635.S: I am surprised , Richard , that you find Faludi 's characterizations of the male crisis to fit the British profile . 
  K: If find causes fit then recipient of find is the same as agent of fit

636.S: -LRB- How any interviewee who is n't also guaranteed that the story will be a puff piece could possibly be induced to sign such an agreement remains to be seen . 
  K: If remain causes see then agent of remain is the same as recipient of see

637.S: ... The threat of litigation tends to scare Chatterbox out of his wits , and by now Chatterbox was n't at all sure he wanted to press ahead . 
  K: If want causes press then agent of want is the same as agent of press

638.S: ... The threat of litigation tends to scare Chatterbox out of his wits , and by now Chatterbox was n't at all sure he wanted to press ahead . 
  K: If want causes press then agent of want is the same as agent of press

639.S: `` We 're not trying to take what ABC has done here and say , ` NBC , you can use parts of Arnold Diaz 's interview . ' '' 
  K: If not try causes say then agent of not try is the same as agent of say

640.S: `` We 're not trying to take what ABC has done here and say , ` NBC , you can use parts of Arnold Diaz 's interview . ' '' 
  K: If take causes say then agent of take is the same as agent of say

641.S: But Metabolife says it will sue any reporter who tries to disseminate this information . 
  K: If try causes disseminate then agent of try is the same as agent of disseminate

642.S: But Metabolife says it is n't really going to sue reporters who disseminate this information . 
  K: If n't go causes sue then agent of n't go is the same as agent of sue

643.S: But even the Times sees a lot of brinkmanship yet to come and admits a vote could come as early as today . 
  K: If see causes admit then agent of see is the same as agent of admit

644.S: The main storm cloud the Post sees is that food distribution -LRB- not food supply , which is generally adequate -RRB- needs to improve , while the LAT wonders if governments will continue to stay on top of reproductive `` care . '' 
  K: If need causes improve then agent of need is the same as agent of improve

645.S: The Bushes : A Whole New Teeming Clan Dear Ted : Thinking about all the cult-of-celebrity stories people are writing now and how frightened folks are at the prospect of wrestlers , developers , and movie stars entering politics . 
  K: If write causes frighten then agent of write is the same as agent of frighten

646.S: His death reminded people that the later chapters of his life were not going to play out as they had dreamed them . 
  K: If not go causes play then agent of not go is the same as agent of play

647.S: Who will date and/or bed them and move in to the circle ? 
  K: If bed causes move then agent of bed is the same as agent of move

648.S: You say it 's policy you want to discuss ? 
  K: If want causes discuss then agent of want is the same as agent of discuss

649.S: Or are we counting on nuclear winter to counteract global warming , producing mild temperatures along the Eastern Seaboard ? 
  K: If count causes counteract then agent of count is the same as agent of counteract

650.S: Only then will they choose to change . 
  K: If choose causes change then agent of choose is the same as agent of change

651.S: Traffic cops descended on Upper West Side neighborhoods and midtown business streets and issued a slew of tickets . 
  K: If descend causes issue then agent of descend is the same as agent of issue

652.S: Chatterbox then phoned Metabolife 's public relations firm , and was told to ignore the bullying legal language and proceed . 
  K: If phone causes ignore then agent of phone is the same as agent of ignore

653.S: Chatterbox then phoned Metabolife 's public relations firm , and was told to ignore the bullying legal language and proceed . 
  K: If tell causes ignore then recipient of tell is the same as agent of ignore

654.S: Chatterbox could n't resist asking : How much did Akin , Gump charge Metabolife to write up the elaborate legal warning on its 20/20 Web site , which he was now more or less telling Chatterbox to ignore ? 
  K: If charge causes write then recipient of charge is the same as agent of write

655.S: Chatterbox could n't resist asking : How much did Akin , Gump charge Metabolife to write up the elaborate legal warning on its 20/20 Web site , which he was now more or less telling Chatterbox to ignore ? 
  K: If tell causes ignore then recipient of tell is the same as agent of ignore

656.S: Mansfield called back a little later to tell Chatterbox that the legal language on the Metabolife Web site had n't kept it from receiving more than a million hits on the first day it was up . 
  K: If call causes tell then agent of call is the same as agent of tell

657.S: Just once Today 's Papers wants to read about a soft , all-laughs soldier ! 
  K: If want causes read then agent of want is the same as agent of read

658.S: I 'd like to end this discussion , however , by saying that , perhaps unlike Shoshana , I think Stiffed is an admirable , serious , and humane book . 
  K: If like causes end then agent of like is the same as agent of end

659.S: Its analysis is meant to provoke debate , and will continue to do so . 
  K: If mean causes continue then recipient of mean is the same as agent of continue

660.S: Its analysis is meant to provoke debate , and will continue to do so . 
  K: If provoke causes continue then agent of provoke is the same as agent of continue

661.S: Perhaps there 's something running in some paper somewhere that I do n't get to read that 's really great , but I have n't seen it . 
  K: If read causes n't see then agent of read is the same as agent of n't see

662.S: Which -LRB- unless the unseen tape reveals Diaz physically pummeling Ellis while he asks his questions -RRB- , Diaz seems to have done . 
  K: If seem causes do then agent of seem is the same as agent of do

663.S: Which -LRB- unless the unseen tape reveals Diaz physically pummeling Ellis while he asks his questions -RRB- , Diaz seems to have done . 
  K: If seem causes do then agent of seem is the same as agent of do

664.S: Though Chatterbox wo n't attempt to referee the scientific questions , Diaz at least gives the impression of being fairly well-informed , while Ellis often gives the impression of being evasive . 
  K: If n't attempt causes referee then agent of n't attempt is the same as agent of referee

665.S: And so , because of an incident that I am just -- you know , I made poor judgment also -- that I 'm not going to sit back and judge the real character that the person might be . 
  K: If not go causes sit then agent of not go is the same as agent of sit

666.S: Bennett assumes Bush himself would n't know -- and could n't be expected to know -- that someone named Bork wrote the book Slouching Toward Gomorrah that Bush referred to . 
  K: If assume causes refer then recipient of assume is the same as agent of refer

667.S: If we want museums and theaters and libraries , we have to fund them . 
  K: If want causes fund then agent of want is the same as agent of fund

668.S: If we want to fund them based on a vote of how much we like and do n't , then we have some work to do . 
  K: If want causes fund then agent of want is the same as agent of fund

669.S: What if I took a photo of a '56 Buick and called that the Blessed Virgin Mary ? 
  K: If take causes call then agent of take is the same as agent of call

670.S: But the WP and LAT say that to be implemented , the treaty must be ratified by all 44 nuke-capable countries , which implies that it is as of right now completely dead internationally . 
  K: If say causes implement then agent of say is the same as recipient of implement

671.S: The headline over the NYT 's online version does n't mention the homosexual angle , while the WP 's headline -- `` FRANCE LEGALIZES GAY UNIONS '' -- does n't mention the heterosexual angle . 
  K: If n't mention causes n't mention then agent of n't mention is the same as agent of n't mention

672.S: The headline over the NYT 's online version does n't mention the homosexual angle , while the WP 's headline -- `` FRANCE LEGALIZES GAY UNIONS '' -- does n't mention the heterosexual angle . 
  K: If n't mention causes n't mention then recipient of n't mention is the same as recipient of n't mention

673.S: It is the understanding of our own artistic personalities , temperaments , and , yes , limitations that enables us to shape an effective statement on the page . 
  K: If enable causes shape then recipient of enable is the same as agent of shape

674.S: Your understanding of blacks is very keen ; those lines hold the image and grab our attention . 
  K: If hold causes grab then agent of hold is the same as agent of grab

675.S: And the guy ca n't draw to save himself . 
  K: If n't draw causes save then agent of n't draw is the same as agent of save

676.S: -LRB- Integrated circuits are the basic units of computer logic and memory , and transistors are the `` on-off '' switches that allow digital information to be transmitted , processed , and stored . 
  K: If allow causes transmit then recipient of allow is the same as recipient of transmit

677.S: Engineers are currently investigating new materials and technologies that might allow Moore 's Law to survive this latest challenge . 
  K: If investigate causes allow then recipient of investigate is the same as agent of allow

678.S: I 'm glad you mentioned The Simpsons , which is hands-down the best thing on TV ever . 
  K: If mention causes hand then recipient of mention is the same as agent of hand

679.S: But by becoming a shtick , the observation of these qualities threatens to obliterate not only Gore 's corresponding virtues but also any hope of his becoming president . 
  K: If threaten causes obliterate then agent of threaten is the same as agent of obliterate

680.S: And whatever Gore does to try to correct these flaws , whether it 's playing along by mocking himself or trying to demonstrate his authenticity and ordinary-guy-ness , only digs the hole deeper . 
  K: If try causes correct then agent of try is the same as agent of correct

681.S: -LRB- Hardball , 10/13 -RRB- R.W. Apple of the New York Times : `` Now , he says , he is trying to ` let it all hang out . ' 
  K: If try causes let then agent of try is the same as agent of let

682.S: He asked people to join his new , this is what he called it , his new , ` rip-tootin ' campaign . 
  K: If ask causes join then recipient of ask is the same as agent of join

683.S: You need a couple of pennies of income to meet Wall Street estimates ? 
  K: If need causes meet then recipient of need is the same as agent of meet

684.S: Now you can be hunted down and annoyed when you 're offline , too . 
  K: If hunt causes annoy then recipient of hunt is the same as recipient of annoy

685.S: He adds : `` We have decided we must cleanse a political system that allows corrupt people to decide the destiny of our people . '' 
  K: If allow causes decide then recipient of allow is the same as agent of decide

686.S: It runs the story on page A02 and warns that `` it 's unknown whether the new cells are even functional . 
  K: If run causes warn then agent of run is the same as agent of warn

687.S: Army buddies say he took some risks , but was kept out of harm 's way by Army brass and never saw combat . 
  K: If take causes keep then agent of take is the same as recipient of keep

688.S: The LAT runs a related front page article explaining the product price index , which measures inflation `` before it reaches the consumer . '' 
  K: If explain causes measure then recipient of explain is the same as agent of measure

689.S: The WP sees the group as emblematic of a new trend , where media-savvy non-governmental organizations use press coverage to broadcast their views and help shape the international diplomatic agenda . 
  K: If use causes help then recipient of use is the same as agent of help

690.S: The plot twist was approved by George Lucas , who created the Star Wars saga . 
  K: If approve causes create then agent of approve is the same as agent of create

691.S: The WP says Southern California `` rattled and shook . '' 
  K: If rattle causes shake then agent of rattle is the same as agent of shake

692.S: How I Learned To Love Labor and Hate the Bomb Issue 1 is the Senate 's defeat of the nuclear test ban treaty . 
  K: If Learn causes Love then agent of Learn is the same as agent of Love

693.S: Only John McLaughlin -LRB- PBS 's McLaughlin Group -RRB- actually addresses whether we still need to test nukes -LRB- McLaughlin thinks we do -RRB- . 
  K: If need causes test then agent of need is the same as agent of test

694.S: And Education Week reports today that the NAEP , the National Assessment of Educational Progress , is planning to test American schoolchildren on their knowledge of Spanish . 
  K: If plan causes test then agent of plan is the same as agent of test

695.S: But it 's also possible to see this as a natural part of the linguistic give and take -LRB- or what a theorist might call the social construction of language -RRB- . 
  K: If give causes take then agent of give is the same as agent of take

696.S: I get angry mail every time I try to point out people 's inconsistent language attitudes . 
  K: If try causes point then agent of try is the same as agent of point

697.S: Students also use college language classrooms to try to recapture the heritage languages they may have lost -LRB- for example , Hindi or Urdu -RRB- , or ones they may never have acquired -LRB- Yiddish -RRB- . 
  K: If use causes try then recipient of use is the same as agent of try

698.S: Students also use college language classrooms to try to recapture the heritage languages they may have lost -LRB- for example , Hindi or Urdu -RRB- , or ones they may never have acquired -LRB- Yiddish -RRB- . 
  K: If try causes recapture then agent of try is the same as agent of recapture

699.S: They were asked not to concern themselves with the niceties of spelling , punctuation , and so on . 
  K: If ask causes not concern then recipient of ask is the same as agent of not concern

700.S: I know my own symptoms would worsen if I were told not to write , since I write all the time . 
  K: If tell causes write then recipient of tell is the same as agent of write

701.S: I know my own symptoms would worsen if I were told not to write , since I write all the time . 
  K: If not write causes write then agent of not write is the same as agent of write

702.S: I know my own symptoms would worsen if I were told not to write , since I write all the time . 
  K: If know causes write then agent of know is the same as agent of write

703.S: -LRB- Actually , I do have an inhaler , but seldom need to use it . -RRB- 
  K: If need causes use then agent of need is the same as agent of use

704.S: And disease is too complex , I 'm guessing , to be palliated by journal writing . 
  K: If guess causes palliate then agent of guess is the same as recipient of palliate

705.S: I 'm running long , especially since I have n't had my coffee yet , but I want to make one last point . 
  K: If want causes make then agent of want is the same as agent of make

706.S: Here 's what Hatfield writes about what Eufaula told him : `` I ca n't and wo n't give you any names , but I can confirm that W. 's Dallas attorney remains the repository of any evidence of the expunged record . 
  K: If n't give causes confirm then agent of n't give is the same as agent of confirm

707.S: Here 's what Hatfield writes about what Eufaula told him : `` I ca n't and wo n't give you any names , but I can confirm that W. 's Dallas attorney remains the repository of any evidence of the expunged record . 
  K: If n't give causes confirm then agent of n't give is the same as agent of confirm

708.S: Here 's what Hatfield writes about what Eufaula told him : `` I ca n't and wo n't give you any names , but I can confirm that W. 's Dallas attorney remains the repository of any evidence of the expunged record . 
  K: If n't give causes confirm then agent of n't give is the same as agent of confirm

709.S: But then he added : `` I might have put that in to protect him . 
  K: If put causes protect then agent of put is the same as agent of protect

710.S: - expert problem : Users of language claim a certain amount of expertise , and rightly so ; but they also tend to reject or challenge what experts have to say . 
  K: If tend causes challenge then agent of tend is the same as agent of challenge

711.S: Diaz then trots off to interview Yale 's Dr. Robert Stark , whom Metabolife `` insisted we interview . '' 
  K: If interview causes insist then recipient of interview is the same as recipient of insist

712.S: If the question is whether ABC News ran a fair-minded expose , then ABC News wins . 
  K: If run causes win then agent of run is the same as agent of win

713.S: If the question is whether Metabolife 's online intimidation campaign got ABC to pull a punch or two ... well , you could argue that Metabolife wins . 
  K: If get causes pull then recipient of get is the same as agent of pull

714.S: A question : Who decides who gets to ring the opening bell ? 
  K: If get causes ring then agent of get is the same as agent of ring

715.S: Will bureaucrats ever learn to write clearly ? 
  K: If learn causes write then agent of learn is the same as agent of write

716.S: And those writing dictionaries are encouraged by their marketing departments to add ever more flashy features to give the press something to focus on . 
  K: If encourage causes add then recipient of encourage is the same as agent of add

717.S: But I do wish that they would at least consider what we have to say , since they might learn something on occasion . 
  K: If consider causes learn then agent of consider is the same as agent of learn

718.S: I like to ask audiences every chance I get , `` If you were the boss of English , what would you change ? '' 
  K: If like causes ask then recipient of like is the same as agent of ask

719.S: The answers are a nice springboard for talking about : 1 -RRB- how you go about reforming language , and what limitations you 'd face -LRB- just saying it wo n't make it so -RRB- ; 2 -RRB- how expressions like `` you know '' actually function linguistically -LRB- people are n't saying `` you know '' just to annoy you , even if that 's the effect -RRB- ; and 3 -RRB- the nature of language etiquette , taboo , euphemism , and context . 
  K: If know causes annoy then agent of know is the same as agent of annoy

720.S: The answers are a nice springboard for talking about : 1 -RRB- how you go about reforming language , and what limitations you 'd face -LRB- just saying it wo n't make it so -RRB- ; 2 -RRB- how expressions like `` you know '' actually function linguistically -LRB- people are n't saying `` you know '' just to annoy you , even if that 's the effect -RRB- ; and 3 -RRB- the nature of language etiquette , taboo , euphemism , and context . 
  K: If know causes annoy then agent of know is the same as recipient of annoy

721.S: I thought , when I began reading your piece , that you were going to mention the future of the book , that is , the question we hear a lot : Will print books be replaced by virtual books ? 
  K: If go causes mention then agent of go is the same as agent of mention

722.S: You are of course right that people who use things , be they books or kitchens , have a real stake in how they decide to use them . 
  K: If decide causes use then agent of decide is the same as agent of use

723.S: Set yourself the impossible task of predicting a macroeconomic future , and your head will start to hurt , too . 
  K: If start causes hurt then agent of start is the same as agent of hurt

724.S: They have also restricted fishing and banned sealing altogether . 
  K: If restrict causes ban then agent of restrict is the same as agent of ban

725.S: Justice Minister Linda Goupil plans to appeal , while Provincial Liberal leader Jean Charest claimed Quebec 's linguistic peace will be threatened by the new ruling . 
  K: If plan causes appeal then agent of plan is the same as agent of appeal

726.S: I used to miss that . 
  K: If use causes miss then agent of use is the same as agent of miss

727.S: What the two anti-poverty proposals make clear is that while Gore may be trying to steal Bradley 's thunder , he is n't imitating his proposals at all . 
  K: If make causes n't imitate then agent of make is the same as recipient of n't imitate

728.S: What the two anti-poverty proposals make clear is that while Gore may be trying to steal Bradley 's thunder , he is n't imitating his proposals at all . 
  K: If try causes steal then agent of try is the same as agent of steal

729.S: He would require poor mothers to sign `` individual responsibility plans . '' 
  K: If require causes sign then recipient of require is the same as agent of sign

730.S: He wants to take away their credit cards , on top of their driver 's licenses and passports , while attaching their bank accounts and garnishing their wages . 
  K: If want causes take then agent of want is the same as agent of take

731.S: But Gore seems to lack the guts to confront the issue of poverty directly . 
  K: If seem causes lack then agent of seem is the same as agent of lack

732.S: But Gore seems to lack the guts to confront the issue of poverty directly . 
  K: If lack causes confront then recipient of lack is the same as agent of confront

733.S: It 's war-on-poverty-style over-promising without any war-on-poverty cavalry to back it up . 
  K: If over causes back then agent of over is the same as agent of back

734.S: It 's war-on-poverty-style over-promising without any war-on-poverty cavalry to back it up . 
  K: If over causes back then agent of over is the same as recipient of back

735.S: Gore 's problem is that he seems to believe this . 
  K: If seem causes believe then agent of seem is the same as agent of believe

736.S: Bradley 's problem is that he seems to believe it , too , but pretends he does n't . 
  K: If seem causes believe then agent of seem is the same as agent of believe

737.S: As with any product , the increased number of sellers tends to drive down prices . 
  K: If tend causes drive then agent of tend is the same as agent of drive

738.S: If the October stock slump were regular and predictable , investors ' rational reactions would tend to counteract it . 
  K: If tend causes counteract then agent of tend is the same as agent of counteract

739.S: If a newspaper reporter quotes anonymous sources , his editor will usually want to know their identity , so he can reach some conclusion about whether they are trustworthy . 
  K: If want causes know then agent of want is the same as agent of know

740.S: While they may not care whether what they publish is true or not , they do care whether they can be sued . 
  K: If not care causes sue then agent of not care is the same as recipient of sue

741.S: While they may not care whether what they publish is true or not , they do care whether they can be sued . 
  K: If publish causes sue then agent of publish is the same as recipient of sue

742.S: He raises his eyebrows and forgets to take them back down again . 
  K: If raise causes forget then agent of raise is the same as agent of forget

743.S: He raises his eyebrows and forgets to take them back down again . 
  K: If forget causes take then agent of forget is the same as agent of take

744.S: Democrats and Republicans resolved to repeal the Depression-era Glass-Steagall law , which restricted the cross-ownership of banks , brokerages , and insurers . 
  K: If resolve causes repeal then agent of resolve is the same as agent of repeal

745.S: Two un-telegenic GOP leaders , House Speaker Dennis Hastert and Whip Tom Delay , make the talk-show rounds to support their party 's budget strategy -- a 1.4 percent across-the-board spending cut to avoid using the Social Security surplus to balance the budget . 
  K: If use causes balance then recipient of use is the same as agent of balance

746.S: Two un-telegenic GOP leaders , House Speaker Dennis Hastert and Whip Tom Delay , make the talk-show rounds to support their party 's budget strategy -- a 1.4 percent across-the-board spending cut to avoid using the Social Security surplus to balance the budget . 
  K: If make causes support then recipient of make is the same as agent of support

747.S: Tim Russert grills him on the issues : Trump advocates a pre-emptive strike on North Korean nuclear facilities and declares nuclear proliferation his highest priority . 
  K: If advocate causes declare then agent of advocate is the same as agent of declare

748.S: It is a superb publication -LRB- full disclosure : Chatterbox used to work there -RRB- . 
  K: If use causes work then agent of use is the same as agent of work

749.S: `` We asked , ` What 's the problem we are going to solve here ? ' '' 
  K: If go causes solve then agent of go is the same as agent of solve

750.S: We have no idea , because Lewis never bothers to tell us . 
  K: If never bother causes tell then agent of never bother is the same as agent of tell

751.S: I could n't begin to tell you . 
  K: If n't begin causes tell then agent of n't begin is the same as agent of tell

752.S: I 'll be happy to tell you what I think about that tomorrow , though I guess I 've already tipped my hand . 
  K: If think causes tip then agent of think is the same as agent of tip

753.S: I 'll be happy to tell you what I think about that tomorrow , though I guess I 've already tipped my hand . 
  K: If tell causes tip then agent of tell is the same as agent of tip

754.S: Well , it would be useful to know how -- or if -- Healtheon is actually going to `` fix the U.S. health-care system '' and take control of a $ 1.5 trillion industry . 
  K: If go causes fix then agent of go is the same as agent of fix

755.S: This is not to say that Clark is n't a big deal , but there are others who are bigger deals , and have done more to change the Valley than Clark . 
  K: If do causes change then agent of do is the same as agent of change

756.S: The venture capitalist John Doerr springs instantly to mind . 
  K: If spring causes mind then agent of spring is the same as agent of mind

757.S: I 'm sorry , I just could n't buy that one . 
  K: If 'm causes n't buy then agent of 'm is the same as agent of n't buy

758.S: Who wants to eat cookie dough right before running ? 
  K: If want causes eat then agent of want is the same as agent of eat

759.S: But what I want to know is , is there any reason to eat an Ironman bar instead of a granola bar , or drink Ultra Fuel instead of Snapple ? 
  K: If want causes know then recipient of want is the same as agent of know

760.S: He gets a great ride , and so do we , but it 's impossible not to want to know more about what is going on under the surface -- about why some of these things happen -- and on the subject of `` character , '' this book is odd . 
  K: If not want causes know then agent of not want is the same as agent of know

761.S: I 'm not sure what we 're supposed to make of this . 
  K: If suppose causes make then recipient of suppose is the same as agent of make

762.S: To be more specific : Russian NKVD killers did not help to `` set up Auschwitz . '' 
  K: If not help causes set then agent of not help is the same as agent of set

763.S: I bet you are n't even going to ask me a follow-up question . '' 
  K: If n't go causes ask then agent of n't go is the same as agent of ask

764.S: Leptin patients lost a `` moderate amount of weight at best '' and many participants receiving the highest -- and most effective -- doses tired of the daily injections and dropped out of the study . 
  K: If lose causes drop then agent of lose is the same as agent of drop

765.S: What Chatterbox wants to know is : Why are we learning about this only now ? 
  K: If want causes know then agent of want is the same as agent of know

766.S: They either fail to find effects , or have produced statistically insignificant findings . 
  K: If fail causes find then agent of fail is the same as agent of find

767.S: They either fail to find effects , or have produced statistically insignificant findings . 
  K: If find causes produce then agent of find is the same as agent of produce

768.S: He spent most of his life trying to impose order on the chaos of the emerging American market -- partly because the United States was still dependent on foreign capital , and European investors tended to yank their money out whenever things got too crazy here . 
  K: If tend causes yank then agent of tend is the same as agent of yank

769.S: He spent most of his life trying to impose order on the chaos of the emerging American market -- partly because the United States was still dependent on foreign capital , and European investors tended to yank their money out whenever things got too crazy here . 
  K: If tend causes yank then agent of tend is the same as agent of yank

770.S: He spent most of his life trying to impose order on the chaos of the emerging American market -- partly because the United States was still dependent on foreign capital , and European investors tended to yank their money out whenever things got too crazy here . 
  K: If tend causes yank then agent of tend is the same as agent of yank

771.S: He spent most of his life trying to impose order on the chaos of the emerging American market -- partly because the United States was still dependent on foreign capital , and European investors tended to yank their money out whenever things got too crazy here . 
  K: If tend causes yank then agent of tend is the same as agent of yank

772.S: Henry Adams said , `` Pierpont Morgan is apparently trying to swallow the sun . '' 
  K: If try causes swallow then agent of try is the same as agent of swallow

773.S: But even as he copies the steps , he lacks the music . 
  K: If copy causes lack then agent of copy is the same as agent of lack

774.S: When he tries to emulate Clinton 's audience-meld technique , he overdoes it , grossly . 
  K: If try causes emulate then agent of try is the same as agent of emulate

775.S: KING P. : If we are marked to die , our pitchfork 'd brigade is enow To do our country loss ; and if to live , The fewer ambassadorships to hand out . 
  K: If mark causes die then recipient of mark is the same as agent of die

776.S: He just retells the story of how a `` handful of supply siders ... gained control of policy '' and saved the world . 
  K: If gain causes save then agent of gain is the same as agent of save

777.S: He just retells the story of how a `` handful of supply siders ... gained control of policy '' and saved the world . 
  K: If siders causes save then agent of siders is the same as agent of save

778.S: You apparently represent the same money powers that are seeking to destroy the representative nature of our government . 
  K: If seek causes destroy then agent of seek is the same as agent of destroy

779.S: Forbes responded that people should be `` allowed to leave the world unmolested by the IRS . '' 
  K: If allow causes leave then recipient of allow is the same as agent of leave

780.S: I 'm going to fix it as president of the United States . '' 
  K: If go causes fix then agent of go is the same as agent of fix

781.S: McCain said he wanted to clean up government and inspire young people . 
  K: If want causes inspire then agent of want is the same as agent of inspire

782.S: McCain said he wanted to clean up government and inspire young people . 
  K: If clean causes inspire then agent of clean is the same as agent of inspire

783.S: Orrin Hatch , concluding the show , said that several Supreme Court justices were getting old and that he wanted to pick their replacements . 
  K: If want causes pick then agent of want is the same as agent of pick

784.S: The funds have been used to finance several terrorist operations , including the 1995 assassination attempt on Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak . 
  K: If use causes finance then recipient of use is the same as agent of finance

785.S: Nellie had been gwine wid us two years , and I hated fer to lose her . 
  K: If fer causes lose then agent of fer is the same as agent of lose

786.S: I 'm going to tell her you have killed Nellie . ' 
  K: If go causes tell then agent of go is the same as agent of tell

787.S: But Today 's Papers would like to know how many recent presidents do n't have buddies that meet that description . 
  K: If like causes know then agent of like is the same as agent of know

788.S: The New York Times emphasizes the 10-year-old plane 's clean bill of health and calls the Boeing 767 `` a workhorse of trans-Atlantic travel . '' 
  K: If emphasize causes call then agent of emphasize is the same as agent of call

789.S: Executives give conflicting explanations about the purpose of the information collected : One claims that RealNetworks is only recording aggregate information , while another maintains that the data is used to identify `` sophisticated '' users and steer them toward the program 's advanced features . 
  K: If use causes steer then recipient of use is the same as agent of steer

790.S: Executives give conflicting explanations about the purpose of the information collected : One claims that RealNetworks is only recording aggregate information , while another maintains that the data is used to identify `` sophisticated '' users and steer them toward the program 's advanced features . 
  K: If use causes steer then recipient of use is the same as agent of steer

791.S: Executives give conflicting explanations about the purpose of the information collected : One claims that RealNetworks is only recording aggregate information , while another maintains that the data is used to identify `` sophisticated '' users and steer them toward the program 's advanced features . 
  K: If use causes steer then recipient of use is the same as agent of steer

792.S: Executives give conflicting explanations about the purpose of the information collected : One claims that RealNetworks is only recording aggregate information , while another maintains that the data is used to identify `` sophisticated '' users and steer them toward the program 's advanced features . 
  K: If use causes steer then recipient of use is the same as agent of steer

793.S: Gore , once too stiff , is now trying too hard to loosen up . 
  K: If try causes loosen then agent of try is the same as agent of loosen

794.S: She failed to produce one Perfect Little Novel -- a Great Gatsby -- that college folk could plunk on their Greatest Books lists . 
  K: If fail causes produce then agent of fail is the same as agent of produce

795.S: The site crashed , after all , because tens of millions of people tried to access the encyclopedia online . 
  K: If try causes access then agent of try is the same as agent of access

796.S: But as the last few years have demonstrated , the endangering was going to take place whether Britannica pursued them or not . 
  K: If go causes take then agent of go is the same as agent of take

797.S: I 've never seen such customizing of digitalia : It made me want to buy one -LRB- since you made me get rid of our old , useless one ! -RRB- 
  K: If want causes buy then agent of want is the same as agent of buy

798.S: People want to leave their desks and their apartments , indeed , they have to if they want to see each other . 
  K: If want causes leave then agent of want is the same as agent of leave

799.S: Which book to read first ? 
  K: If book causes read then agent of book is the same as agent of read

800.S: But I 've hardly begun to answer your questions ! 
  K: If begin causes answer then agent of begin is the same as agent of answer

801.S: I can understand why Hong Kong feels as if it needs a shot of something to revive its flagging tourism industry . 
  K: If need causes revive then recipient of need is the same as agent of revive

802.S: That I do n't want it to end . 
  K: If n't want causes end then recipient of n't want is the same as agent of end

803.S: I just hate having people pester me to buy stuff I do n't need . 
  K: If pester causes buy then recipient of pester is the same as agent of buy

804.S: Moreover , I 've asked Steerforth not to reissue Whither -LRB- 1925 -RRB- , which was the first novel that she published . 
  K: If ask causes not reissue then recipient of ask is the same as agent of not reissue

805.S: Unfortunately , he was also a philanderer -- what they used to call a `` ladies man '' -- as well as a rigid Stalinist . 
  K: If use causes call then recipient of use is the same as agent of call

806.S: But then he pulls this : trying to yank a museum 's funding because he does n't like a picture that 's going to be hung on the wall . 
  K: If n't like causes pull then agent of n't like is the same as agent of pull

807.S: But then he pulls this : trying to yank a museum 's funding because he does n't like a picture that 's going to be hung on the wall . 
  K: If go causes hang then agent of go is the same as recipient of hang

808.S: But then he pulls this : trying to yank a museum 's funding because he does n't like a picture that 's going to be hung on the wall . 
  K: If go causes hang then agent of go is the same as recipient of hang

809.S: But then he pulls this : trying to yank a museum 's funding because he does n't like a picture that 's going to be hung on the wall . 
  K: If go causes hang then agent of go is the same as recipient of hang

810.S: I can just see him trying to pass laws requiring men to have crew cuts -LRB- or whatever nutty thing he wants to impose on the world next -RRB- . 
  K: If try causes pass then agent of try is the same as agent of pass

811.S: I can just see him trying to pass laws requiring men to have crew cuts -LRB- or whatever nutty thing he wants to impose on the world next -RRB- . 
  K: If want causes impose then agent of want is the same as agent of impose

812.S: If the Weekly World News asserts that the earth is going to blow up on such and such a day , will the Enquirer ever dispute it ? 
  K: If go causes blow then agent of go is the same as agent of blow

813.S: It means there is a much greater chance that the latter two groups will eventually swamp and assimilate the former . 
  K: If swamp causes assimilate then agent of swamp is the same as agent of assimilate

814.S: Uyesuji 's father tells the LAT , `` I 'm going to bring him another gun so he can shoot himself , '' and recalls that his son received anger-management counseling after kicking an elevator door several years ago . 
  K: If go causes bring then agent of go is the same as agent of bring

815.S: The Post editors weigh in on Time 's revelation that Al Gore had been paying feminist celebrity Naomi Wolf $ 15,000 a month to advise him how to be an `` alpha male . '' 
  K: If weigh causes advise then agent of weigh is the same as agent of advise

816.S: Yes , yes , I know what you 're going to ask -- what are lab rats doing talking on the phone ? 
  K: If go causes ask then recipient of go is the same as agent of ask

817.S: Part of me , I admit , does n't want to share her . 
  K: If n't want causes share then agent of n't want is the same as agent of share

818.S: Of course , cell-phone users , who do n't remember what it felt like to live without the threat of severe mental impairment hanging over them , will rationalize the rat news . 
  K: If feel causes live then recipient of feel is the same as agent of live

819.S: And special muffling ear muffs to block waves from entering the brain through the unprotected ear canal route . 
  K: If muff causes block then agent of muff is the same as agent of block

820.S: There 's a popular notion that people who think too much ca n't act -- Hamlet is not the guy you want to run your company . 
  K: If want causes run then agent of want is the same as agent of run

821.S: But an American president also needs to grasp more complex realities -- and Reagan often could n't . 
  K: If need causes grasp then agent of need is the same as agent of grasp

822.S: Chatterbox does n't expect Captain Crunch and his minions to understand journalism ; but do n't they understand how to make a buck ? 
  K: If n't expect causes understand then recipient of n't expect is the same as agent of understand

823.S: Chatterbox does n't expect Captain Crunch and his minions to understand journalism ; but do n't they understand how to make a buck ? 
  K: If n't understand causes make then agent of n't understand is the same as agent of make

824.S: It 's been so long since I fully concentrated on one idea or one task or one anything that my attention span has contracted to be about as long as ... well , as long as it takes to paint the backs of three bookshelves . 
  K: If take causes paint then agent of take is the same as agent of paint

825.S: It 's been so long since I fully concentrated on one idea or one task or one anything that my attention span has contracted to be about as long as ... well , as long as it takes to paint the backs of three bookshelves . 
  K: If take causes paint then agent of take is the same as agent of paint

826.S: It 's been so long since I fully concentrated on one idea or one task or one anything that my attention span has contracted to be about as long as ... well , as long as it takes to paint the backs of three bookshelves . 
  K: If take causes paint then agent of take is the same as agent of paint

827.S: We are vultures ... We feed off dead things and help the overall process of decomposition . 
  K: If feed causes help then agent of feed is the same as agent of help

828.S: Because tax brackets and capital gains are not indexed , the combination of rapid inflation and high taxes ends up eating away most real gains . 
  K: If not index causes eat then recipient of not index is the same as recipient of eat

829.S: Remember how Teddy Kennedy always used to not run ? 
  K: If use causes not run then agent of use is the same as agent of not run

830.S: Chatterbox agrees that `` values '' should play a larger role in educating children , which is why he supports well-regulated programs requiring high-school kids to perform volunteer service of some kind . 
  K: If require causes perform then recipient of require is the same as agent of perform

831.S: Chatterbox agrees that `` values '' should play a larger role in educating children , which is why he supports well-regulated programs requiring high-school kids to perform volunteer service of some kind . 
  K: If require causes perform then recipient of require is the same as agent of perform

832.S: Chatterbox agrees that `` values '' should play a larger role in educating children , which is why he supports well-regulated programs requiring high-school kids to perform volunteer service of some kind . 
  K: If require causes perform then recipient of require is the same as agent of perform

833.S: You can say it did n't happen that way , but the church wo n't accept it . 
  K: If n't happen causes n't accept then agent of n't happen is the same as recipient of n't accept

834.S: If you blinked , you missed the whole thing . 
  K: If blink causes miss then agent of blink is the same as agent of miss

835.S: `` According to The New Yorker , Republican presidential candidate Steve Forbes believes that commodity prices have been depressed because ` when the Fed tightened up the money supply people who needed to raise cash did so by selling commodities . ' 
  K: If need causes raise then agent of need is the same as agent of raise

836.S: The New York Times runs this story inside , and says the plan is vague and will yield little until Clinton is out of office . 
  K: If run causes say then agent of run is the same as agent of say

837.S: But it estimates that upwards of 150 million Americans are collecting the 50 commemorative quarters , which is creating an unprecedented demand . 
  K: If collect causes create then recipient of collect is the same as agent of create

838.S: The court decided to suspend an injunction preventing new students from joining the program . 
  K: If decide causes suspend then agent of decide is the same as agent of suspend

839.S: Microsoft 's Macrodrama The Washington Post 's lead reports that local HMOs are planning to dramatically hike Medicare recipients ' co-payments and premiums . 
  K: If plan causes hike then agent of plan is the same as agent of hike

840.S: California has promulgated identical standards and Massachusetts is expected to follow the megastates ' lead . 
  K: If expect causes follow then recipient of expect is the same as agent of follow

841.S: The concerted actions will encourage manufacturers to produce vehicles which satisfy the strictest state requirements . 
  K: If encourage causes produce then recipient of encourage is the same as agent of produce

842.S: Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson found that Microsoft was a bullying monopolist whose business tactics hurt consumers and suppressed innovation . 
  K: If hurt causes suppress then agent of hurt is the same as agent of suppress

843.S: Microsoft might appeal , and the next president could order the Justice Department to abandon the case . 
  K: If order causes abandon then recipient of order is the same as agent of abandon

844.S: The Post reports that Bill Bradley refused to answer when asked who the leader of North Korea is . 
  K: If refuse causes answer then agent of refuse is the same as agent of answer

845.S: Translation : I want to make it really , really clear that incompetent current teachers have nothing to worry about ! 
  K: If want causes make then agent of want is the same as agent of make

846.S: But President Ernesto Zedillo said he is neutral and expressed this sentiment by checking all four names on his ballot . 
  K: If say causes express then agent of say is the same as agent of express

847.S: It Takes Destroying a Village To Save the World ? 
  K: If Destroy causes Save then recipient of Destroy is the same as agent of Save

848.S: I know and respect Michael Lind . 
  K: If know causes respect then agent of know is the same as agent of respect

849.S: He would start by finding the event that most people consider to have been a disaster , and by sheer virtuosity try to show that actually it was a good idea and a big success . 
  K: If try causes show then agent of try is the same as agent of show

850.S: He would start by finding the event that most people consider to have been a disaster , and by sheer virtuosity try to show that actually it was a good idea and a big success . 
  K: If try causes show then agent of try is the same as agent of show

851.S: He would start by finding the event that most people consider to have been a disaster , and by sheer virtuosity try to show that actually it was a good idea and a big success . 
  K: If try causes show then agent of try is the same as agent of show

852.S: Lind does a very impressive job of showing why people who were n't idiots and were n't war criminals made decisions that turned out so badly through the 1960s . 
  K: If n't idiots causes make then recipient of n't idiots is the same as agent of make

853.S: It could have been invoked to let the North Koreans take the South , the Chinese Communists seize Taiwan , and Communist guerillas conquer Malaysia . 
  K: If invoke causes let then recipient of invoke is the same as agent of let

854.S: He seemed to suggest that being a monopolist was itself unacceptable . 
  K: If seem causes suggest then agent of seem is the same as agent of suggest

855.S: Where political ads on television and radio aim to disorient an opponent 's base and suppress his turnout , machine-style organizing aims to energize a candidate 's own base and encourage turnout . 
  K: If aim causes energize then agent of aim is the same as agent of energize

856.S: Where political ads on television and radio aim to disorient an opponent 's base and suppress his turnout , machine-style organizing aims to energize a candidate 's own base and encourage turnout . 
  K: If disorient causes energize then recipient of disorient is the same as recipient of energize

857.S: Where political ads on television and radio aim to disorient an opponent 's base and suppress his turnout , machine-style organizing aims to energize a candidate 's own base and encourage turnout . 
  K: If aim causes energize then agent of aim is the same as agent of energize

858.S: Where political ads on television and radio aim to disorient an opponent 's base and suppress his turnout , machine-style organizing aims to energize a candidate 's own base and encourage turnout . 
  K: If aim causes energize then agent of aim is the same as agent of energize

859.S: It was taught by Prof. William Kauffman , who used to write the Pentagon 's annual posture statement . 
  K: If teach causes write then agent of teach is the same as agent of write

860.S: It was taught by Prof. William Kauffman , who used to write the Pentagon 's annual posture statement . 
  K: If use causes write then agent of use is the same as agent of write

861.S: Lind mentions the Korea model , but does n't really pursue this point . 
  K: If mention causes n't pursue then agent of mention is the same as agent of n't pursue

862.S: He is under no pressure to mention particular books , or indeed to mention any books at all , and does so only when he thinks his readers might want to examine his source material . 
  K: If want causes examine then agent of want is the same as agent of examine

863.S: Scientific breakthroughs tend to produce small start-ups firms that pioneer new methods of research and secure valuable patents . 
  K: If tend causes produce then agent of tend is the same as agent of produce

864.S: Scientific breakthroughs tend to produce small start-ups firms that pioneer new methods of research and secure valuable patents . 
  K: If produce causes secure then agent of produce is the same as agent of secure

865.S: Instead , please send them to chatterbox@slate.com . 
  K: If send causes chatterbox@slate.com then recipient of send is the same as agent of chatterbox@slate.com

866.S: Let me try to make the case that the price was worth paying . 
  K: If try causes make then agent of try is the same as agent of make

867.S: I know that `` what-ifs '' are pure speculation , but I 'm not going to let that stop me . 
  K: If not go causes let then agent of not go is the same as agent of let

868.S: I know that `` what-ifs '' are pure speculation , but I 'm not going to let that stop me . 
  K: If not go causes let then agent of not go is the same as agent of let

869.S: As for Nixon , I 'm not going to defend him . 
  K: If not go causes defend then agent of not go is the same as agent of defend

870.S: -LRB- Question : Did the LAT reporter dwell on this particular crash because he happened to cover it himself ? -RRB- 
  K: If happen causes cover then agent of happen is the same as agent of cover

871.S: Individual shareholders then decide whether to sell their holdings ; if the acquirer does n't win a controlling stake , the offer is rescinded and the shares returned . 
  K: If decide causes sell then agent of decide is the same as agent of sell

872.S: The only company that 's going to buy a Glaxo is another drug company . 
  K: If go causes buy then agent of go is the same as agent of buy

873.S: Apparently only if the show featured someone who could actually raise the dead would it appeal to believers in the occult . '' 
  K: If appeal causes believers then agent of appeal is the same as agent of believers

874.S: Chatterbox translation : This is where running a family-owned newspaper along classy principles gets you : Somebody comes along and buys you out . 
  K: If come causes buy then agent of come is the same as agent of buy

875.S: Chatterbox translation : This is where running a family-owned newspaper along classy principles gets you : Somebody comes along and buys you out . 
  K: If get causes buy then recipient of get is the same as recipient of buy

876.S: So do n't blame them and arrest them for what we did , '' said Klebold . 
  K: If n't blame causes arrest then recipient of n't blame is the same as recipient of arrest

877.S: South Carolina is also the only state that still flies the flag and does n't celebrate King 's birthday . 
  K: If fly causes n't celebrate then agent of fly is the same as agent of n't celebrate

878.S: After he was done , he proceeded to wolf down the transparent , ink-stained sheet . 
  K: If proceed causes wolf then agent of proceed is the same as agent of wolf

879.S: But a wonderful roommate -- a lot of fun to sit and discuss different things with . '' 
  K: If sit causes discuss then agent of sit is the same as agent of discuss

880.S: Fox Softball Sunday Some of the questions Tim Russert asked Kenneth Starr on Meet the Press on Oct. 24 : Two months ago the headlines : `` Starr Expects To Issue Report On Clintons By Fall Of 2000 . '' 
  K: If Expect causes Issue then agent of Expect is the same as agent of Issue

881.S: It 's this sort of postmodern news story that I love the most , because you 're not sure if it makes you want to laugh or cry . 
  K: If want causes laugh then agent of want is the same as agent of laugh

882.S: It 's this sort of postmodern news story that I love the most , because you 're not sure if it makes you want to laugh or cry . 
  K: If want causes laugh then agent of want is the same as agent of laugh

883.S: I think they think that if they keep moving the mealtime earlier and earlier they will hit some kind of a quantum physics time-space continuum where there will be a 24-hour mealtime loop . 
  K: If think causes hit then agent of think is the same as agent of hit

884.S: I have been sitting here waiting to begin this e-mail exchange like I am preparing to take the SATs again . 
  K: If prepare causes take then agent of prepare is the same as agent of take

885.S: West wants to communicate the intensity of his effort to reconcile his various influences : religious , political , philosophic , and artistic . 
  K: If want causes communicate then agent of want is the same as agent of communicate

886.S: Yet he has embarked on a quixotic effort to engage Farrakhan and change his mind . 
  K: If embark causes engage then agent of embark is the same as agent of engage

887.S: Yet he has embarked on a quixotic effort to engage Farrakhan and change his mind . 
  K: If engage causes change then agent of engage is the same as agent of change

888.S: He has said many things that I would n't try to defend , and that I doubt Bill Bradley would want to defend either , such as his formulaic , p.c. denunciations of American `` imperialism . '' 
  K: If n't try causes defend then agent of n't try is the same as agent of defend

889.S: He has said many things that I would n't try to defend , and that I doubt Bill Bradley would want to defend either , such as his formulaic , p.c. denunciations of American `` imperialism . '' 
  K: If want causes defend then agent of want is the same as agent of defend

890.S: I began to rehearse excuses about where my absent kid might be . '' 
  K: If begin causes rehearse then agent of begin is the same as agent of rehearse

891.S: Now that 's an alpha male as I have come to know and love them . 
  K: If know causes love then agent of know is the same as agent of love

892.S: His good face seemed to pop out of the tight-necked green smock . 
  K: If seem causes pop then agent of seem is the same as agent of pop

893.S: If the Republican Pirozzi wins , it looks like the GOP barely hung on to take a seat that should have been a gim me . 
  K: If hang causes take then agent of hang is the same as agent of take

894.S: The NYT says that the NTSB offered to step down yesterday but that the FBI demurred ; USAT and the LAT quote anonymous sources predicting that the transfer will happen today . 
  K: If offer causes step then agent of offer is the same as agent of step

895.S: `` Throughout the session , '' the Post notes , `` Gore attempted to defuse tension by making jokes , mentioning obscure scientific theories and repeatedly announcing his Web site address . '' 
  K: If attempt causes defuse then agent of attempt is the same as agent of defuse

896.S: Who are they fooling , do they think ? 
  K: If fool causes think then agent of fool is the same as agent of think

897.S: I also love the way he brings his girlfriend to press conferences to dress things up . 
  K: If press causes dress then recipient of press is the same as agent of dress

898.S: I want you drink a cup of herbal tea and take a multivitamin . 
  K: If drink causes take then agent of drink is the same as agent of take

899.S: I 'd like you to ask your editor to please check your blood pressure . 
  K: If like causes ask then recipient of like is the same as agent of ask

900.S: How much do you want to bet you that when they make this all more tangible and we find out where those 11 dimensions are exactly , I already have piles of papers and unopened mail cluttering up the surfaces of at least 10 of them ? 
  K: If bet causes want then agent of bet is the same as agent of want

901.S: How much do you want to bet you that when they make this all more tangible and we find out where those 11 dimensions are exactly , I already have piles of papers and unopened mail cluttering up the surfaces of at least 10 of them ? 
  K: If bet causes want then recipient of bet is the same as agent of want

902.S: I ca n't recall a single thing it said , but I do know this much : He never once mentioned vaginal discharge . 
  K: If n't recall causes know then agent of n't recall is the same as agent of know

903.S: I never know where to sit . 
  K: If sit causes never know then agent of sit is the same as agent of never know

904.S: Only the Journal manages to quote actual Egyptian officials criticizing the investigation -LRB- the Post quotes an `` Arab '' official , but does not make clear what this means -RRB- . 
  K: If quote causes not make then agent of quote is the same as agent of not make

905.S: Meanwhile , `` officials close to the investigation '' continue to leak details of the plane 's last moments . 
  K: If continue causes leak then agent of continue is the same as agent of leak

906.S: I think what we have here is a rare glimpse of the `` more mature Monica , '' the one that she used to exercise when she would offer Bill Clinton her ideas concerning educational reform . 
  K: If use causes exercise then agent of use is the same as agent of exercise

907.S: I think what we have here is a rare glimpse of the `` more mature Monica , '' the one that she used to exercise when she would offer Bill Clinton her ideas concerning educational reform . 
  K: If use causes exercise then agent of use is the same as agent of exercise

908.S: Plane crashes are one of those terrible things , like that `` I Like Girls Who Wear Abercrombie & Fitch '' song or cervical cancer , that just happen without any exciting drama or justification to explain them away . 
  K: If happen causes explain then agent of happen is the same as agent of explain

909.S: But she apparently forgot to add , `` And get some better-looking parents . '' 
  K: If forget causes add then agent of forget is the same as agent of add

910.S: But I think we 're all going to get to like it better as -- oops , I was going to say as time goes by but now that we 've eliminated time -- as we get to know the strings on a more personal basis . 
  K: If go causes say then agent of go is the same as agent of say

911.S: But I think we 're all going to get to like it better as -- oops , I was going to say as time goes by but now that we 've eliminated time -- as we get to know the strings on a more personal basis . 
  K: If go causes say then agent of go is the same as agent of say

912.S: But I think we 're all going to get to like it better as -- oops , I was going to say as time goes by but now that we 've eliminated time -- as we get to know the strings on a more personal basis . 
  K: If go causes say then agent of go is the same as agent of say

913.S: But I think we 're all going to get to like it better as -- oops , I was going to say as time goes by but now that we 've eliminated time -- as we get to know the strings on a more personal basis . 
  K: If go causes say then agent of go is the same as agent of say

914.S: But I think we 're all going to get to like it better as -- oops , I was going to say as time goes by but now that we 've eliminated time -- as we get to know the strings on a more personal basis . 
  K: If go causes say then agent of go is the same as agent of say

915.S: You know it 'll be exciting but not too surprising , and you know it wo n't be too surprising but also not dull . 
  K: If know causes know then agent of know is the same as agent of know

916.S: -LRB- All five papers continue to spell the name differently ; see yesterday 's `` TP . '' -RRB- 
  K: If continue causes spell then agent of continue is the same as agent of spell

917.S: One man began by charging others $ 5 to teach them how to acquire free e-mail accounts . 
  K: If teach causes acquire then recipient of teach is the same as agent of acquire

918.S: But I did n't say anything because I did n't want to upset you . 
  K: If upset causes n't say then agent of upset is the same as agent of n't say

919.S: But I did n't say anything because I did n't want to upset you . 
  K: If n't want causes upset then agent of n't want is the same as agent of upset

920.S: But I did n't say anything because I did n't want to upset you . 
  K: If n't want causes upset then agent of n't want is the same as agent of upset

921.S: OK , I 'm going to sit down and read the real part of the paper now . 
  K: If go causes sit then agent of go is the same as agent of sit

922.S: Hussein decided long ago to sort of put the various other subtle , more nuanced aspects of running a country on the back burner , if you will , and just kind of focus on one specific area of approach . 
  K: If decide causes put then agent of decide is the same as agent of put

923.S: Which does n't mean you need to eat , drink , and be merry tonight . 
  K: If need causes eat then agent of need is the same as agent of eat

924.S: Presidential candidate George W. Bush would have had a comment , but he decided to wait until he figured out exactly where Pakistan was , and what ' a bond ' meant . '' 
  K: If decide causes wait then agent of decide is the same as agent of wait

925.S: This principle has been used most frequently to prevent beneficiaries from having to uphold illegal racial restrictions in order to receive property . 
  K: If use causes prevent then recipient of use is the same as agent of prevent

926.S: But the final measure allows the cabinet secretaries to allocate the cut as they see fit . 
  K: If allow causes allocate then recipient of allow is the same as agent of allocate

927.S: The only department not granted this flexibility is the Pentagon , which is required to distribute the reduction proportionally among operations , procurement , and research programs . 
  K: If require causes distribute then recipient of require is the same as agent of distribute

928.S: The LAT notes it , but says `` the GOP 's most striking accomplishment '' was promising `` to end the long-standing practice of using Social Security revenues to finance other parts of government . '' 
  K: If note causes say then agent of note is the same as agent of say

929.S: The LAT notes it , but says `` the GOP 's most striking accomplishment '' was promising `` to end the long-standing practice of using Social Security revenues to finance other parts of government . '' 
  K: If promise causes end then agent of promise is the same as agent of end

930.S: The LAT notes it , but says `` the GOP 's most striking accomplishment '' was promising `` to end the long-standing practice of using Social Security revenues to finance other parts of government . '' 
  K: If use causes finance then recipient of use is the same as agent of finance

931.S: Millea quotes Winslet 's driver as saying , afterwards , `` I wanted to slug him . 
  K: If want causes slug then agent of want is the same as agent of slug

932.S: I just do n't want to comment on that . '' 
  K: If n't want causes comment then agent of n't want is the same as agent of comment

933.S: He pledges to increase military salaries and military R&D budgets . 
  K: If pledge causes increase then agent of pledge is the same as agent of increase

934.S: -LRB- Responding to Bush on CNN 's Late Edition , Steve Forbes advocates transforming Social Security into `` personal savings accounts , '' which would allow recipients to choose their own retirement age . -RRB- 
  K: If allow causes choose then recipient of allow is the same as agent of choose

935.S: The scenarios under consideration tend to emphasize making membership entirely or partially elective , which would make the House of Lords more democratic , and then giving the upper chamber greater power than it currently enjoys . 
  K: If tend causes emphasize then agent of tend is the same as agent of emphasize

936.S: They 've been trained to think that everything will be difficult and tricky . 
  K: If train causes think then recipient of train is the same as agent of think

937.S: I 'm happy to watch ads that remind me of my knowingness , if they 're clever . 
  K: If 'm causes 're then agent of 'm is the same as agent of 're

938.S: I 'm happy to watch ads that remind me of my knowingness , if they 're clever . 
  K: If watch causes 're then agent of watch is the same as agent of 're

939.S: The paper quotes one defense official as saying the study was actually concluded two years ago , but release was delayed while the brass debated how to portray the results . 
  K: If debate causes portray then agent of debate is the same as agent of portray

940.S: The paper quotes one defense official as saying the study was actually concluded two years ago , but release was delayed while the brass debated how to portray the results . 
  K: If debate causes portray then agent of debate is the same as agent of portray

941.S: The paper quotes one defense official as saying the study was actually concluded two years ago , but release was delayed while the brass debated how to portray the results . 
  K: If debate causes portray then agent of debate is the same as agent of portray

942.S: He tells the former that trying to implement the new workplace safety regs will be like getting your arms around a `` marshmallow , '' and he tells the latter it will be like getting your arms around a bowl of `` Jell-O . '' 
  K: If tell causes tell then agent of tell is the same as agent of tell

943.S: There was a bit of fuss a few months back about who was going to write this book . 
  K: If go causes write then agent of go is the same as agent of write

944.S: ... And I made friends and played hard . 
  K: If make causes play then agent of make is the same as agent of play

945.S: Bush believed that Tucker was sincerely penitent and that she wanted to escape execution in order to help set other prisoners straight . 
  K: If want causes escape then agent of want is the same as agent of escape

946.S: He believes that reading is important , but fails to mention anything he has ever read other than the Bible . 
  K: If fail causes mention then agent of fail is the same as agent of mention

947.S: -- enable shoppers to buy more stuff . 
  K: If enable causes buy then recipient of enable is the same as agent of buy

948.S: But The Insider is a movie that asks you to think hard about how corporate interests affect what media companies do . 
  K: If ask causes think then recipient of ask is the same as agent of think

949.S: -LRB- Of course , since only huge inflows of foreign capital now allow us to fund our current-accounts deficit , we should be thankful , not angry , that foreign investors want to put their money here . -RRB- 
  K: If allow causes fund then recipient of allow is the same as agent of fund

950.S: -LRB- Of course , since only huge inflows of foreign capital now allow us to fund our current-accounts deficit , we should be thankful , not angry , that foreign investors want to put their money here . -RRB- 
  K: If want causes put then agent of want is the same as agent of put

951.S: The papers report that Somaliland has indeed accomplished its goal of becoming a peaceful enclave , but needs foreign cash if it is to actually become an independent nation . 
  K: If accomplish causes need then agent of accomplish is the same as agent of need

952.S: The word `` cojones '' is partially bleeped out to emphasize that Hirshberg is bravely violating a taboo . 
  K: If bleep causes emphasize then recipient of bleep is the same as agent of emphasize

953.S: P.S. : Hirshberg was recently hired to help redesign the Los Angeles Times . 
  K: If hire causes help then recipient of hire is the same as agent of help

954.S: Trimble 's Gamble The New York Times , the Washington Post , and the Los Angeles Times all lead with Northern Ireland 's largest loyalist party 's -LRB- the Ulster Unionists -RRB- vote to join the region 's local coalition government . 
  K: If vote causes join then agent of vote is the same as agent of join

955.S: Legend has it that she walked around the office barefoot , brought her dog , Shit , to work , and offended Abe Rosenthal 's sensibilities -LRB- who does n't these days ? -RRB- 
  K: If bring causes work then recipient of bring is the same as agent of work

956.S: This guy manages to make Perot look good . 
  K: If manage causes make then agent of manage is the same as agent of make

957.S: It took him and Appiah only four years to produce Africana . 
  K: If take causes Appiah then agent of take is the same as agent of Appiah

958.S: That 's what I 'd always assumed , and yet I 've never spotted the telltale Barbie-like implant clusters . 
  K: If assume causes never spot then agent of assume is the same as agent of never spot

959.S: Not that I really want to know the answer . 
  K: If want causes know then agent of want is the same as agent of know

960.S: Donald Trump dating -- and other unmentionable gerunds -- is more than I care to contemplate . 
  K: If care causes contemplate then agent of care is the same as agent of contemplate

961.S: And there 's no reason to feed the ego of every rich guy who decides to inflict his mid-life crisis on American voters . 
  K: If decide causes inflict then agent of decide is the same as agent of inflict

962.S: Just remind me not to get started on Steve Brill . 
  K: If remind causes not start then recipient of remind is the same as recipient of not start

963.S: Who wants to crack the binding of a museum piece ? 
  K: If want causes crack then agent of want is the same as agent of crack

964.S: But Leo also told Turque that he never disclosed Cooper 's request to Gore himself , and that he does not believe Gore was ever aware of the arrangement . 
  K: If never disclose causes not believe then agent of never disclose is the same as agent of not believe

965.S: Gen. Cooper told Turque that he had no memory of asking Leo to watch over Gore . 
  K: If ask causes watch then recipient of ask is the same as agent of watch

966.S: The LAT says officials are expecting to find between 100 and 300 corpses . 
  K: If expect causes find then agent of expect is the same as agent of find

967.S: Since the book is trying so hard to promote a global black culture and `` world music , '' -LRB- whatever that is -RRB- , their omission is just bewildering . 
  K: If try causes promote then agent of try is the same as agent of promote

968.S: This is a question I mull over and over because it 's part of my job to answer it -- to try and figure out how to please the 35,000 or so kind souls who -LRB- hopefully -RRB- buy Texas Monthly on the newsstands each month without mortally offending the 275,000 or so who subscribe . 
  K: If offend causes subscribe then recipient of offend is the same as agent of subscribe

969.S: He vaguely remembers them joining a march on Washington and spending the weekend there together . 
  K: If join causes spend then agent of join is the same as agent of spend

970.S: members chaining themselves together and women calling themselves `` Vegan Dykes '' marching topless . 
  K: If chain causes call then recipient of chain is the same as recipient of call

971.S: The man 's business card reads `` You Whack 'Em , I Pack 'Em . '' 
  K: If Whack causes Pack then recipient of Whack is the same as recipient of Pack

972.S: -LRB- I have been asked to review every book Gates has written . 
  K: If ask causes review then recipient of ask is the same as agent of review

973.S: The various white intellectual establishments , moreover , tend to buy the kind of black that best suits them ideologically , which means they buy the kind of representative black person they themselves think they would be if they were black . 
  K: If tend causes buy then agent of tend is the same as agent of buy

974.S: The pressures of commercialism and prestige combine to make this rather unpleasant situation , both of which -- commercialism and prestige -- are condemned by intellectuals as they lust for what they can offer . 
  K: If lust causes offer then agent of lust is the same as agent of offer

975.S: The pressures of commercialism and prestige combine to make this rather unpleasant situation , both of which -- commercialism and prestige -- are condemned by intellectuals as they lust for what they can offer . 
  K: If lust causes offer then agent of lust is the same as agent of offer

976.S: Moreover , even more so than whites , black intellectuals tend to give in to the worst sorts of anti-intellectual impulses because of social do-goodism and political protest . 
  K: If tend causes give then agent of tend is the same as agent of give

977.S: Besides , 10 or 20 years from now , when it needs to be done again , it might very well be better . 
  K: If need causes do then agent of need is the same as recipient of do

978.S: Not that I need to rationalize the existence of Behind the Music . 
  K: If need causes rationalize then agent of need is the same as agent of rationalize

979.S: The Post seems to think this contradiction is really a delicious irony . 
  K: If seem causes think then agent of seem is the same as agent of think

980.S: The X Percent Solution seems to subvert the basic mechanism that is supposed to make school choice work . 
  K: If suppose causes make then recipient of suppose is the same as agent of make

981.S: The X Percent Solution seems to subvert the basic mechanism that is supposed to make school choice work . 
  K: If seem causes subvert then agent of seem is the same as agent of subvert

982.S: Do you want to be the politician who tries to take away a neighborhood high school 's traditional X percent quota ? 
  K: If try causes take then agent of try is the same as agent of take

983.S: He wants to seal the deal . 
  K: If want causes seal then agent of want is the same as agent of seal

984.S: I do n't want them to join the consumer culture . 
  K: If n't want causes join then recipient of n't want is the same as agent of join

985.S: I saw it and thought , Hmmm . 
  K: If see causes think then agent of see is the same as agent of think

986.S: I 've started to hang around only loud , obnoxious people . 
  K: If start causes hang then agent of start is the same as agent of hang

987.S: From what you might call the internationalist anti-WTO perspective , though , there 's a real paradox here , since the WTO is simultaneously excoriated for being a kind of supranational government smashing down local regulations and excoriated for not being enough of a supranational government to create global living and working standards . 
  K: If excoriate causes create then recipient of excoriate is the same as agent of create

988.S: Who died and made him the judge of a pol 's worthiness ? 
  K: If die causes make then agent of die is the same as agent of make

989.S: But then we 're getting dangerously close to the realm of the pop quiz , and we all know where that got us last time . 
  K: If get causes know then agent of get is the same as agent of know

990.S: The disturbing part is that Sheehy uses her theories not just to explain decisions that have proved historically momentous , but to explain them away . 
  K: If not explain causes explain then agent of not explain is the same as agent of explain

991.S: Polls I keep reading about claim to indicate that most people consider journalists inaccurate and arrogant , if not simply evil . 
  K: If claim causes indicate then agent of claim is the same as agent of indicate

992.S: But some of you find it intrusive , and others are bothered by the perpetual pop-up box asking whether you want to install Microsoft Investor Ticker . 
  K: If want causes install then agent of want is the same as agent of install

993.S: You should install/view this content if you trust Microsoft Corporation to make that assertion . '' 
  K: If trust causes make then recipient of trust is the same as agent of make

994.S: I ask because I 'm not sure who qualifies anymore , or what constitutes ordinary . 
  K: If 'm causes ask then agent of 'm is the same as agent of ask

995.S: Governments are required to restrict speech and other rights as little as possible . 
  K: If require causes restrict then recipient of require is the same as agent of restrict

996.S: `` I 'd prop him up and put a pair of dark glasses on him . '' 
  K: If prop causes put then agent of prop is the same as agent of put

997.S: This prompted Bush to defend McCain , sincerely but somewhat patronizingly , as `` a good man . '' 
  K: If prompt causes defend then recipient of prompt is the same as agent of defend

998.S: `` And then you want to tell me you 're not a racist ! 
  K: If want causes tell then agent of want is the same as agent of tell

999.S: I would prop him up and put a pair of dark glasses on him . '' 
  K: If prop causes put then agent of prop is the same as agent of put

1000.S: If she runs , she 'll lose . 
  K: If run causes lose then agent of run is the same as agent of lose

1001.S: If she loses , she 'll need him . 
  K: If lose causes need then agent of lose is the same as agent of need

1002.S: But if she wins , she 'll divorce him . '' 
  K: If win causes divorce then agent of win is the same as agent of divorce

1003.S: Mesmerized by his unblinking stare , I suddenly had the feeling he was going to steal my soul . 
  K: If go causes steal then agent of go is the same as agent of steal

1004.S: They do n't really answer the questioner 's questions , and they do n't bother to rebuff each other 's lame parries . 
  K: If n't answer causes rebuff then agent of n't answer is the same as agent of rebuff

1005.S: They do n't really answer the questioner 's questions , and they do n't bother to rebuff each other 's lame parries . 
  K: If n't bother causes rebuff then agent of n't bother is the same as agent of rebuff

1006.S: They do n't really answer the questioner 's questions , and they do n't bother to rebuff each other 's lame parries . 
  K: If n't bother causes rebuff then agent of n't bother is the same as agent of rebuff

1007.S: Do I really want to waste my breath ? 
  K: If want causes waste then agent of want is the same as agent of waste

1008.S: `` Free-PC , whose founder once boasted would be bigger than Microsoft some day , agreed to be acquired by low-cost PC maker eMachines , and announced that it was ending its program of giving away free PCs . 
  K: If agree causes acquire then agent of agree is the same as recipient of acquire

1009.S: The company raised the rear end of its mass-market Taurus four inches -- and raised sales 23 percent -LRB- compared with a year earlier -RRB- , according to figures released yesterday . 
  K: If raise causes raise then agent of raise is the same as agent of raise

1010.S: The company raised the rear end of its mass-market Taurus four inches -- and raised sales 23 percent -LRB- compared with a year earlier -RRB- , according to figures released yesterday . 
  K: If raise causes accord then agent of raise is the same as agent of accord

1011.S: Clinton also promised to end exercises there within five years . 
  K: If promise causes end then agent of promise is the same as agent of end

1012.S: Lowry argues that the protestors , who favor the imposition of higher labor and environmental standards , actually want to give the WTO more power . 
  K: If want causes give then agent of want is the same as agent of give

1013.S: Gore , says the paper , is charging that Bradley will have to raise taxes in order to finance his health-care plan , and Bradley has chosen not to rule out an increase . 
  K: If choose causes not rule then agent of choose is the same as agent of not rule

1014.S: It can only help to diminish him . 
  K: If help causes diminish then agent of help is the same as agent of diminish

1015.S: -LRB- And if he gets a tough question , he can always claim that technical problems have prevented him from hearing it . -RRB- 
  K: If get causes claim then agent of get is the same as agent of claim

1016.S: This same group of GOPers got together last week and pretty much exhausted pretty much every available topic of contention . 
  K: If get causes exhaust then agent of get is the same as agent of exhaust

1017.S: I 'm still waiting and hoping that he 'll finally be barking mad . 
  K: If wait causes hope then agent of wait is the same as agent of hope

1018.S: It argues the genre is worn out and will be challenged by the rise of the game show . 
  K: If wear causes challenge then recipient of wear is the same as recipient of challenge

1019.S: Perhaps I have managed to fool a few people because I know some Yiddish . 
  K: If manage causes fool then agent of manage is the same as agent of fool

1020.S: Perhaps I have managed to fool a few people because I know some Yiddish . 
  K: If know causes fool then agent of know is the same as agent of fool

1021.S: Well , now that I have managed to touch on a bit of my marital history , my religious ignorance , announcing where I live , and a zit treatment , let 's push away that plate of latkes and get serious . 
  K: If manage causes touch then agent of manage is the same as agent of touch

1022.S: Now comes the part where I reveal what I believe to be a sin : envy . 
  K: If believe causes come then recipient of believe is the same as agent of come

1023.S: Keyes , I guess , is classically attractive , but he looks like he just managed to run away from his attendant . 
  K: If manage causes run then agent of manage is the same as agent of run

1024.S: Perhaps Leon Weiseltier will check in and set us straight . 
  K: If check causes set then agent of check is the same as agent of set

1025.S: The more varied format , which also allowed the candidates to question each other , was a marked improvement as well . 
  K: If allow causes question then recipient of allow is the same as agent of question

1026.S: But if Bush did n't blow it , he also failed to reveal any hidden depths . 
  K: If fail causes reveal then agent of fail is the same as agent of reveal

1027.S: But if Bush did n't blow it , he also failed to reveal any hidden depths . 
  K: If fail causes reveal then agent of fail is the same as agent of reveal

1028.S: The more you wish that Forbes would go away , the more it provokes him to stay and waste more of your time . 
  K: If provoke causes waste then recipient of provoke is the same as agent of waste

1029.S: The more you wish that Forbes would go away , the more it provokes him to stay and waste more of your time . 
  K: If provoke causes waste then recipient of provoke is the same as agent of waste

1030.S: Where Bush has an idea of where he wants to lead the Republican Party -LRB- to the center -RRB- , Forbes thinks that if he figures out where the party is going , he can simply hop aboard and ride it . 
  K: If want causes lead then agent of want is the same as agent of lead

1031.S: Instead , he asked precisely when one could expect the Seagram Building to fall down . 
  K: If expect causes fall then recipient of expect is the same as agent of fall

1032.S: `` This building was constructed of materials that should last more than a lifetime if you and I are going to live to be 80 years old . '' 
  K: If go causes live then agent of go is the same as agent of live

1033.S: `` This building was constructed of materials that should last more than a lifetime if you and I are going to live to be 80 years old . '' 
  K: If go causes live then agent of go is the same as agent of live

1034.S: `` This building was constructed of materials that should last more than a lifetime if you and I are going to live to be 80 years old . '' 
  K: If go causes live then agent of go is the same as agent of live

1035.S: But Wilcha 's movie ends up showing that , at least at Columbia House , people really can be happier and more engaged if they 're allowed to work differently . 
  K: If allow causes work then recipient of allow is the same as agent of work

1036.S: USAT 's front-page `` cover story '' makes the observation that while companies continue to work on the Y2K problem , they face considerable non - Y2K computer glitches . 
  K: If continue causes work then agent of continue is the same as agent of work

1037.S: Then , says the Post , Reno proceeded to give a `` no comment '' answer 17 times . 
  K: If proceed causes give then agent of proceed is the same as agent of give

1038.S: And I want to know . 
  K: If want causes know then agent of want is the same as agent of know

1039.S: Most top-drawer political reporters decided to sit this debate out . 
  K: If decide causes sit then agent of decide is the same as agent of sit

1040.S: He asked whether Chinese bad behavior would ever deserve sanctions : Would Bush want to punish them if they doubled the number of slave-labor camps ? 
  K: If want causes punish then agent of want is the same as agent of punish

1041.S: Can we say that Janis Joplin 's and Jimi Hendrix 's romantic thrift-store eclecticism created the late hippie look , or emerged out of it ? 
  K: If create causes emerge then agent of create is the same as agent of emerge

1042.S: ... The reason that Mr. Bush and his gubernatorial backers are loath to support a permanent ban is they tend to rely heavily on sales taxes to fund their state governments . 
  K: If tend causes rely then agent of tend is the same as agent of rely

1043.S: ... The reason that Mr. Bush and his gubernatorial backers are loath to support a permanent ban is they tend to rely heavily on sales taxes to fund their state governments . 
  K: If rely causes fund then agent of rely is the same as agent of fund

1044.S: It 's totally unfair that Internet businesses can sell their wares without making customers pay state sales taxes , given that bricks-and-mortar stores are obliged to make their customers pay state sales taxes . 
  K: If pay causes pay then agent of pay is the same as agent of pay

1045.S: It 's totally unfair that Internet businesses can sell their wares without making customers pay state sales taxes , given that bricks-and-mortar stores are obliged to make their customers pay state sales taxes . 
  K: If pay causes pay then recipient of pay is the same as recipient of pay

1046.S: I really think that we ought to do it , because I think it 's far overblown to think that the fact that people buy over the Internet is going to reduce mainstream USA . 
  K: If go causes reduce then agent of go is the same as agent of reduce

1047.S: I really think that we ought to do it , because I think it 's far overblown to think that the fact that people buy over the Internet is going to reduce mainstream USA . 
  K: If go causes reduce then agent of go is the same as agent of reduce

1048.S: Chatterbox translates : `` Even though usually I 'm a big Internet booster , I am going to pretend now that Internet commerce will never amount to much . 
  K: If go causes pretend then agent of go is the same as agent of pretend

1049.S: Chatterbox translates : `` Even though usually I 'm a big Internet booster , I am going to pretend now that Internet commerce will never amount to much . 
  K: If go causes pretend then agent of go is the same as agent of pretend

1050.S: `` We were going to wait until the disclosure would do us the most benefit . '' 
  K: If wait causes go then agent of wait is the same as agent of go

1051.S: I tend to believe MacDonell 's claim of pure , publicity-seeking self-interest . 
  K: If tend causes believe then agent of tend is the same as agent of believe

1052.S: The situation , at least today , boiled down to too much demand chasing too little supply . 
  K: If boil causes demand then agent of boil is the same as agent of demand

1053.S: Who Gets To Unionize ? 
  K: If Get causes Unionize then agent of Get is the same as agent of Unionize

1054.S: The WSJ reports that Discover , American Express and MasterCard can now be used to pay income tax bills . 
  K: If use causes pay then recipient of use is the same as agent of pay

1055.S: If he was , I think I need to go back and read the Dean Acheson book ... I love the Hillary and Chappaqua carryings on . 
  K: If need causes read then agent of need is the same as agent of read

1056.S: I know she intends to find it , but you never know . 
  K: If intend causes find then agent of intend is the same as agent of find

1057.S: Allow me to write the press release : This may be the best -- and certainly the most interesting -- lineup of film critics that the Times has ever fronted . 
  K: If Allow causes write then recipient of Allow is the same as agent of write

1058.S: It 's hard to imagine him praising every Steven Spielberg flick that comes his way , but it 's hard to imagine him dismissing them outright either . 
  K: If praise causes dismiss then agent of praise is the same as agent of dismiss

1059.S: -LRB- I have begun creating a set of criteria and my own list of choices , which I will submit later . -RRB- 
  K: If begin causes submit then agent of begin is the same as agent of submit

1060.S: As for McCain , who I admit to liking enormously , Howie Kurtz this morning tells me why . 
  K: If admit causes like then recipient of admit is the same as agent of like

1061.S: And while they 're considering a makeover , perhaps they 'll deep-six the phrase `` compassionate conservative . '' 
  K: If consider causes deep then agent of consider is the same as agent of deep

1062.S: He was doing what any wise politician does , which is refusing to indulge a hypothetical question -- though even his non-answer was more than he should have said . 
  K: If refuse causes indulge then agent of refuse is the same as agent of indulge

1063.S: He was doing what any wise politician does , which is refusing to indulge a hypothetical question -- though even his non-answer was more than he should have said . 
  K: If refuse causes indulge then agent of refuse is the same as agent of indulge

1064.S: This prompted the Gore campaign to put out yet another release accusing Bradley of stonewalling and , somewhat bizarrely , of `` name-calling . '' 
  K: If prompt causes put then recipient of prompt is the same as agent of put

1065.S: It may just signify relief -- that he has successfully managed to jump another public hurdle without embarrassing himself . 
  K: If manage causes jump then agent of manage is the same as agent of jump

1066.S: Rather , he calls on Ekman or some other expert to tell us which , if any , is correct . 
  K: If call causes tell then agent of call is the same as agent of tell

1067.S: He 's managed to stymie the Congress . '' 
  K: If manage causes stymie then recipient of manage is the same as agent of stymie

1068.S: Gary Bauer 's , Pat Buchanan 's , and Alan Keyes ' are completely devoted to articulating -LRB- magnificently well -RRB- their extremist ideologies . 
  K: If devote causes articulate then recipient of devote is the same as agent of articulate

1069.S: The `` Round Mound of Rebound '' used to obnoxiously proclaim , `` I am not a role model . '' 
  K: If use causes proclaim then agent of use is the same as agent of proclaim

1070.S: He would win based on intellect -- an acute understanding of the physics of the game -- and hustle . 
  K: If win causes hustle then agent of win is the same as agent of hustle

1071.S: Just last month , he tried to land a punch on Shaq 's head . 
  K: If try causes land then agent of try is the same as agent of land

1072.S: And it has taken only four days to convince you . 
  K: If take causes convince then agent of take is the same as agent of convince

1073.S: If glasses are your trademark , you may want to think twice before ditching them . 
  K: If want causes think then agent of want is the same as agent of think

1074.S: That 's because Andover.net was the third company to be taken public by W.R. Hambrecht , the investment bank that is attempting to transform the IPO process by replacing the traditional method of allocating shares and setting opening prices with what 's called a Dutch auction . 
  K: If attempt causes transform then agent of attempt is the same as agent of transform

1075.S: It 's also superior because it eliminates the middleman -LRB- the investment bank -RRB- and lets the market set the price . 
  K: If eliminate causes let then agent of eliminate is the same as agent of let

1076.S: `` The Federal Reserve 's latest beige-book regional economic survey declares the impact of Y2K concerns to be uneven across the country , although one lumber producer said Y2K worries had prompted customers to hold off buying wood until the new year . 
  K: If prompt causes hold then recipient of prompt is the same as agent of hold

1077.S: Yet , the NYT notes , to convict Lee on all counts the government must prove that he intended to injure the United States and benefit a foreign power . 
  K: If intend causes injure then agent of intend is the same as agent of injure

1078.S: Yet , the NYT notes , to convict Lee on all counts the government must prove that he intended to injure the United States and benefit a foreign power . 
  K: If note causes convict then agent of note is the same as agent of convict

1079.S: Hundreds of programs aim to rehabilitate troubled teens by forcing them to brave the rigors of the great outdoors . 
  K: If aim causes rehabilitate then agent of aim is the same as agent of rehabilitate

1080.S: Hundreds of programs aim to rehabilitate troubled teens by forcing them to brave the rigors of the great outdoors . 
  K: If force causes brave then recipient of force is the same as agent of brave

1081.S: The Redcliff Ascent Outdoor Therapy Program provides group counseling and forbids sarcasm . 
  K: If provide causes forbid then agent of provide is the same as agent of forbid

1082.S: Rather than implement a new policy , Clinton is expected to push military officials to better enforce the current one . 
  K: If expect causes push then recipient of expect is the same as agent of push

1083.S: The statement was prompted by his wife 's remarks earlier this week that gays and lesbians should be allowed to serve openly . 
  K: If allow causes serve then recipient of allow is the same as agent of serve

1084.S: Either way , someone seems to be equating Islam and terrorism without explaining why . 
  K: If seem causes equate then agent of seem is the same as agent of equate

1085.S: I know that he 's a handsome guy , but that 's not the one I want her to marry . 
  K: If know causes want then agent of know is the same as agent of want

1086.S: I know that he 's a handsome guy , but that 's not the one I want her to marry . 
  K: If want causes marry then recipient of want is the same as agent of marry

1087.S: I know that he 's a handsome guy , but that 's not the one I want her to marry . 
  K: If want causes marry then recipient of want is the same as agent of marry

1088.S: Brad Bird 's cartoon evocation of `` leftist '' '50s sci-fi is uncannily lyrical : It sums up an entire era of ideological genre moviemaking -- and transcends it . 
  K: If sum causes transcend then agent of sum is the same as agent of transcend

1089.S: Brad Bird 's cartoon evocation of `` leftist '' '50s sci-fi is uncannily lyrical : It sums up an entire era of ideological genre moviemaking -- and transcends it . 
  K: If sum causes transcend then agent of sum is the same as recipient of transcend

1090.S: I 'm leaving number ten symbolically blank , because I could n't decide among so many terrific films . 
  K: If leave causes n't decide then agent of leave is the same as agent of n't decide

1091.S: I 'll take a guess and say that was profit-taking . -RRB- 
  K: If take causes say then agent of take is the same as agent of say

1092.S: -LRB- When investment banks triple the offering price on a stock , it 's a good sign that the IPO is n't going to crash and burn . -RRB- 
  K: If n't go causes crash then agent of n't go is the same as agent of crash

1093.S: -LRB- When investment banks triple the offering price on a stock , it 's a good sign that the IPO is n't going to crash and burn . -RRB- 
  K: If n't go causes crash then agent of n't go is the same as agent of crash

1094.S: If this is witless then I might as well pack it in because I would n't know wit if it bit me on the ass . 
  K: If n't know causes pack then agent of n't know is the same as agent of pack

1095.S: I imagine Magnolia will get widely divergent reviews -LRB- I know of one national critic who has put it on his `` 10 worst '' list -RRB- , but I thought it struck the right note to close this season of invention . 
  K: If put causes strike then recipient of put is the same as agent of strike

1096.S: I imagine Magnolia will get widely divergent reviews -LRB- I know of one national critic who has put it on his `` 10 worst '' list -RRB- , but I thought it struck the right note to close this season of invention . 
  K: If note causes close then agent of note is the same as agent of close

1097.S: I imagine Magnolia will get widely divergent reviews -LRB- I know of one national critic who has put it on his `` 10 worst '' list -RRB- , but I thought it struck the right note to close this season of invention . 
  K: If note causes close then agent of note is the same as agent of close

1098.S: I imagine Magnolia will get widely divergent reviews -LRB- I know of one national critic who has put it on his `` 10 worst '' list -RRB- , but I thought it struck the right note to close this season of invention . 
  K: If note causes close then agent of note is the same as agent of close

1099.S: I imagine Magnolia will get widely divergent reviews -LRB- I know of one national critic who has put it on his `` 10 worst '' list -RRB- , but I thought it struck the right note to close this season of invention . 
  K: If note causes close then agent of note is the same as agent of close

1100.S: Some perceptual scientists believe video creates a hypnotic mind state , and film creates a reverie state . 
  K: If create causes create then recipient of create is the same as recipient of create

1101.S: The man then sprang his trap : `` How come you failed to predict the ouster of Khrushchev ? '' 
  K: If fail causes predict then agent of fail is the same as agent of predict

1102.S: John said : `` You have written an interesting memorandum , but give me a prediction . '' 
  K: If write causes give then agent of write is the same as agent of give

1103.S: McCain did n't wait to be asked . 
  K: If n't wait causes ask then agent of n't wait is the same as recipient of ask

1104.S: When Brokaw asked , `` Why should the family farm ... be any more protected than the corner drugstore or the mom-and-pop shoe store or the little grocery store that we used to find on main street ? '' 
  K: If use causes find then agent of use is the same as agent of find

1105.S: Roger , I 'd really like to explore your comparison of 1999 and 1974 . 
  K: If like causes explore then agent of like is the same as agent of explore

1106.S: -LRB- I know people who have tried to imitate this upon leaving the theater . -RRB- 
  K: If try causes imitate then agent of try is the same as agent of imitate

1107.S: Thirty years ago we were flying on 747s , and now we are flying on ... literally the same airplanes . 
  K: If fly causes fly then agent of fly is the same as agent of fly

1108.S: This is certainly what the present-day nationalists would like us to think . 
  K: If like causes think then recipient of like is the same as agent of think

1109.S: The only trouble is that we do not know how to measure it . 
  K: If not know causes measure then agent of not know is the same as agent of measure

1110.S: There are marginal notes explaining how to secure obscure ingredients or perform difficult procedures , and menu recommendations that allow you to assemble an impressive three-course meal using this book alone . 
  K: If allow causes assemble then recipient of allow is the same as agent of assemble

1111.S: There are marginal notes explaining how to secure obscure ingredients or perform difficult procedures , and menu recommendations that allow you to assemble an impressive three-course meal using this book alone . 
  K: If allow causes assemble then recipient of allow is the same as agent of assemble

1112.S: There are marginal notes explaining how to secure obscure ingredients or perform difficult procedures , and menu recommendations that allow you to assemble an impressive three-course meal using this book alone . 
  K: If allow causes assemble then recipient of allow is the same as agent of assemble

1113.S: There are marginal notes explaining how to secure obscure ingredients or perform difficult procedures , and menu recommendations that allow you to assemble an impressive three-course meal using this book alone . 
  K: If allow causes assemble then recipient of allow is the same as agent of assemble

1114.S: There are marginal notes explaining how to secure obscure ingredients or perform difficult procedures , and menu recommendations that allow you to assemble an impressive three-course meal using this book alone . 
  K: If allow causes assemble then recipient of allow is the same as agent of assemble

1115.S: Because its frankness and heat bring to mind another suffering genre -- the adult-relationship film . 
  K: If bring causes mind then agent of bring is the same as agent of mind

1116.S: Sure enough , Clinton declared food stamps `` critical supports , '' and vowed to `` hold states accountable and make sure families get the benefits they need . '' 
  K: If vow causes hold then agent of vow is the same as agent of hold

1117.S: Maybe I 'm overreacting , but I think Clinton is courting disaster here . 
  K: If overreact causes think then agent of overreact is the same as agent of think

1118.S: True , the Clinton administration is trying to say that food stamps are really good only if you 're also working at least part-time , but that 's kind of a complicated message to get across . 
  K: If try causes say then agent of try is the same as agent of say

1119.S: Until then , if working-poor people think they need food stamps and want to claim them , fine -- the states should n't make that difficult -LRB- as some , allegedly , have done -RRB- . 
  K: If want causes claim then agent of want is the same as agent of claim

1120.S: I do n't wish to discourage anyone from doing as well or better -- my mailbox is open -LRB- as , I 'm sure , is yours , Sarah -RRB- . 
  K: If n't wish causes discourage then agent of n't wish is the same as agent of discourage

1121.S: The article explains why the doubling of oil prices this year has failed to disrupt the economy . 
  K: If fail causes disrupt then agent of fail is the same as agent of disrupt

1122.S: Wherever he goes , a treacly , white-guy triumphalism seems to follow . 
  K: If seem causes follow then agent of seem is the same as agent of follow

1123.S: -LRB- Curiously , he never tried to meet Mazzini or Alexander Herzen , fellow exiles , let alone John Stuart Mill or Matthew Arnold . 
  K: If never try causes meet then agent of never try is the same as agent of meet

1124.S: No one seems to know . 
  K: If seem causes know then agent of seem is the same as agent of know

1125.S: Jowers ' attorney did n't put up much of a fight : He never disputed that there was a conspiracy , but simply denied that his client was knowingly a part of it . 
  K: If never dispute causes deny then agent of never dispute is the same as agent of deny

1126.S: But the fact is , no studio is gon na pony up Hanks ' $ 20 million to make audiences uncomfortable and remind us of attitudes that still drift throughout this country . 
  K: If gon causes pony then agent of gon is the same as agent of pony

1127.S: Our job as critics is to encourage them to choose films that we think will be less a waste of their time than those they might choose on their own . 
  K: If encourage causes choose then recipient of encourage is the same as agent of choose

1128.S: John Roche tried to pin Vietnam on JFK . 
  K: If try causes pin then agent of try is the same as agent of pin

1129.S: The new politics , the new economics , the new technology and the new immigration were coming together to change the tired old rules of the game . 
  K: If come causes change then agent of come is the same as agent of change

1130.S: But people believe , or want to believe . 
  K: If believe causes believe then agent of believe is the same as agent of believe

1131.S: But people believe , or want to believe . 
  K: If want causes believe then agent of want is the same as agent of believe

1132.S: That 's hardly an argument even Wall Street could use to defend itself . 
  K: If use causes defend then agent of use is the same as agent of defend

1133.S: If we 're going to have full disclosure , then we have to accept the risks that go along with it . 
  K: If go causes accept then agent of go is the same as agent of accept

1134.S: I did n't mean to suggest I had a better way of making The Green Mile . 
  K: If n't mean causes suggest then agent of n't mean is the same as agent of suggest

1135.S: Bradley believes that the entire system of financing campaigns needs to be overhauled . 
  K: If need causes overhaul then agent of need is the same as recipient of overhaul

1136.S: We need to amend the Constitution and provide full public financing , he writes , because `` anything less means that democracy can still be corrupted . '' 
  K: If need causes amend then agent of need is the same as agent of amend

1137.S: We need to amend the Constitution and provide full public financing , he writes , because `` anything less means that democracy can still be corrupted . '' 
  K: If amend causes provide then agent of amend is the same as agent of provide

1138.S: I 'd especially like to thank you , David -- the most generous and stimulating of hosts . 
  K: If like causes thank then agent of like is the same as agent of thank

1139.S: Your body-and-soul riff accounts for why the world through the prism of movies seemed to open up toward the end of this year -- to seem so fluid that even Elvis the Destroyer had an out-of-body experience . 
  K: If seem causes open then agent of seem is the same as agent of open

1140.S: The female performers wear scanty clothing and make crude sexual gestures . 
  K: If wear causes make then agent of wear is the same as agent of make

1141.S: The men wear yarmulkes and rap exaggeratedly or dry-hump their backup singers . 
  K: If wear causes dry then agent of wear is the same as agent of dry

1142.S: Culturebox does n't mean to suggest that your average pop star is not an ignorant , self-promoting ditzbrain , of course . 
  K: If n't mean causes suggest then agent of n't mean is the same as agent of suggest

1143.S: We thrive on conflict and corruption , and suffer amid harmony and good government . 
  K: If thrive causes suffer then agent of thrive is the same as agent of suffer

1144.S: Up-market magazines are supposed to be chock full o ' ads . 
  K: If suppose causes chock then recipient of suppose is the same as recipient of chock

1145.S: Suddenly I start to do better and you want to debate every day . 
  K: If want causes debate then agent of want is the same as agent of debate

1146.S: Suddenly I start to do better and you want to debate every day . 
  K: If want causes debate then agent of want is the same as agent of debate

1147.S: What Bradley showed , I think , is that he has found a way around the diabolical box that Gore has tried to put him in . 
  K: If try causes put then agent of try is the same as agent of put

1148.S: There 's no good reason to think that this deal will work , and it smacks of a move made -- by both Monsanto and Pharmacia -- to preempt other , perhaps hostile , suitors . 
  K: If smack causes preempt then agent of smack is the same as agent of preempt

1149.S: But LAT editor Michael Parks refused to drop it . 
  K: If refuse causes drop then agent of refuse is the same as agent of drop

1150.S: The union leader said , `` They 're not going to rake it in if the trains are n't running . '' 
  K: If not go causes rake then agent of not go is the same as agent of rake

1151.S: But Giuliani did n't use the word `` Marxist '' to describe Castro -LRB- though it surely would have been appropriate -RRB- . 
  K: If n't use causes describe then recipient of n't use is the same as agent of describe

1152.S: Just observe whatever Bill Bradley accuses Al Gore of secretly favoring , or whatever Al Gore accuses Bill Bradley of secretly favoring ! 
  K: If accuse causes accuse then recipient of accuse is the same as recipient of accuse

1153.S: Just a few years ago , the movie seemed to be shown on a different channel almost every day throughout the Christmas season . 
  K: If seem causes show then agent of seem is the same as recipient of show

1154.S: Congress has repeatedly expanded copyright protections and made them effective retroactively . 
  K: If expand causes make then agent of expand is the same as agent of make

1155.S: The scene ends without good reasons having ever been offered , after which he goes ahead and invades anyway . 
  K: If end causes offer then agent of end is the same as recipient of offer

1156.S: And it is n't as if the theaters are going to be closed on Christmas Eve . 
  K: If go causes close then agent of go is the same as recipient of close

1157.S: They 're going to be showing something . 
  K: If go causes show then agent of go is the same as agent of show

1158.S: First , it seemed to assume that box-office position was some subjective judgment . 
  K: If seem causes assume then agent of seem is the same as agent of assume

1159.S: Conservatives , naturally , have tried to argue that stockholders do n't merit the same rights bestowed on union members by paycheck-protection measures . 
  K: If try causes argue then agent of try is the same as agent of argue

1160.S: The point is whether the same inconvenient principles of direct democracy that are used to inhibit labor should be used to inhibit capital . 
  K: If use causes inhibit then recipient of use is the same as agent of inhibit

1161.S: The point is whether the same inconvenient principles of direct democracy that are used to inhibit labor should be used to inhibit capital . 
  K: If use causes inhibit then recipient of use is the same as agent of inhibit

1162.S: Why did n't any editor at TNR stop and think : Hold on . 
  K: If n't stop causes think then agent of n't stop is the same as agent of think

1163.S: The Y2K panic sell-off many analysts predicted has failed to materialize . 
  K: If fail causes materialize then agent of fail is the same as agent of materialize

1164.S: P.T. Barnum , eat your heart out : High-flight tech stocks continue to soar , but aging rock stars , another perennially overvalued commodity , have hit the skids . 
  K: If continue causes soar then agent of continue is the same as agent of soar

1165.S: The hijackers claim to have killed four passengers , but so far they 've released only one corpse , along with three men , nine women , and 13 children . 
  K: If claim causes kill then agent of claim is the same as agent of kill

1166.S: They were foiled when French anti-terrorist commandos stormed the jet as it was parked and killed the terrorists . 
  K: If park causes kill then recipient of park is the same as recipient of kill

1167.S: The suit , of course , was filed expressly to fund anti-smoking efforts . 
  K: If file causes fund then recipient of file is the same as agent of fund

1168.S: Eventually , the hijackers agreed to leave Afghanistan today , according to the LAT . 
  K: If agree causes leave then agent of agree is the same as agent of leave

1169.S: None of the ideals a liberal society is supposed to be based on , Fish argues -- fairness , impartiality , reasonableness -- is ever truly neutral or principled . 
  K: If suppose causes base then recipient of suppose is the same as recipient of base

1170.S: Shas begs to differ . 
  K: If beg causes differ then agent of beg is the same as agent of differ

1171.S: Tobacco industry lawyers yesterday filed an 89-page document meant to halt a Justice Department 's suit filed to retrieve government health-care costs , the Post and NYT report . 
  K: If mean causes halt then agent of mean is the same as agent of halt

1172.S: I know , I know . 
  K: If know causes know then agent of know is the same as agent of know

1173.S: But that means that if you 're an analyst and you cite that number , no one will notice you . 
  K: If cite causes notice then agent of cite is the same as recipient of notice

1174.S: But that means that if you 're an analyst and you cite that number , no one will notice you . 
  K: If cite causes notice then agent of cite is the same as recipient of notice

1175.S: The phenomenon of number creep is bad because we want analysts to reach conclusions they think are true , and not conclusions that they think are going to get them on CNBC . 
  K: If reach causes not go then recipient of reach is the same as agent of not go

1176.S: And when New Year 's arrives and she experiences that brief sense of being overwhelmed by something she ca n't explain , she 'll be tempted to dismiss it , as she does every year , as sentimental and superstitious . 
  K: If tempt causes dismiss then recipient of tempt is the same as agent of dismiss

1177.S: Maybe it 's not enough to make a big difference , but DeParle does n't even bother to tell us . 
  K: If n't bother causes tell then agent of n't bother is the same as agent of tell

1178.S: Maybe it 's not enough to make a big difference , but DeParle does n't even bother to tell us . 
  K: If n't bother causes tell then agent of n't bother is the same as agent of tell

1179.S: The experience gave Arrigan and Quinn a sense of higher purpose , and what else do you need to know ? 
  K: If need causes know then agent of need is the same as agent of know

1180.S: Religious doctrine was dense and difficult and if you misunderstood it , you could be excommunicated or jailed . 
  K: If misunderstand causes jail then agent of misunderstand is the same as recipient of jail

1181.S: Religion is n't mean and threatening . 
  K: If n't mean causes threaten then agent of n't mean is the same as agent of threaten

1182.S: So the idea that the new approach is going to rescue the company seems rather dubious . 
  K: If go causes rescue then agent of go is the same as agent of rescue

1183.S: Chatterbox continues to worry that the rainforest is disappearing , but agrees the 40 percent figure is probably too high . 
  K: If continue causes agree then agent of continue is the same as agent of agree

1184.S: Chatterbox continues to worry that the rainforest is disappearing , but agrees the 40 percent figure is probably too high . 
  K: If worry causes agree then agent of worry is the same as agent of agree

1185.S: There 's no sign yet of what the papers are going to call the decade just entered . 
  K: If go causes call then recipient of go is the same as agent of call

1186.S: One hijacker , who called himself `` Burger , '' recited Urdu poetry , gave a passenger a birthday gift , and before escaping ordered all passengers to say they had forgiven him . 
  K: If order causes say then recipient of order is the same as agent of say

1187.S: REV. BILLY GRAHAM : When I get there , I 'm sure that Jesus is going to say that he will welcome me . 
  K: If go causes say then agent of go is the same as agent of say

1188.S: But I think that he 's going to say : Well done , our good and faithful servant . 
  K: If go causes say then agent of go is the same as agent of say

1189.S: We 're gon na miss that lovable old drunk . 
  K: If gon causes miss then agent of gon is the same as agent of miss

1190.S: Now comes a guy who actually knows how to run a government , and thinks the coolest branch thereof is the secret police . 
  K: If know causes run then agent of know is the same as agent of run

1191.S: Now comes a guy who actually knows how to run a government , and thinks the coolest branch thereof is the secret police . 
  K: If run causes think then agent of run is the same as agent of think

1192.S: Coverage of most political campaigns is poor and tends to focus on trivial matters . 
  K: If tend causes focus then agent of tend is the same as agent of focus

1193.S: All discussions of comedy are invariably lame , so I 'll stop here , but suffice it to say , I 'm still -LRB- sniff , sniff -RRB- hurting a bit . 
  K: If suffice causes say then recipient of suffice is the same as agent of say

1194.S: I 've really tried to concentrate on this trivial stuff , but the real news is -- again ! 
  K: If try causes concentrate then agent of try is the same as agent of concentrate

1195.S: But he found himself under a more demanding boss than he was used to and got fired before he got a chance to exercise any stock options . 
  K: If use causes get then recipient of use is the same as agent of get

1196.S: But he found himself under a more demanding boss than he was used to and got fired before he got a chance to exercise any stock options . 
  K: If fire causes get then recipient of fire is the same as agent of get

1197.S: But he found himself under a more demanding boss than he was used to and got fired before he got a chance to exercise any stock options . 
  K: If find causes get then agent of find is the same as agent of get

1198.S: But he found himself under a more demanding boss than he was used to and got fired before he got a chance to exercise any stock options . 
  K: If fire causes get then recipient of fire is the same as agent of get

1199.S: At least irony is unlikely to be used to justify programmes of conquest or extermination . '' 
  K: If use causes justify then recipient of use is the same as agent of justify

1200.S: Kaufman refused to reassure you that any of it was a joke . 
  K: If refuse causes reassure then agent of refuse is the same as agent of reassure

1201.S: -LRB- Never mind that he wrongly predicted a recession following the 1987 stock-market crash and that he failed to see the 1990-91 recession coming . -RRB- 
  K: If predict causes fail then agent of predict is the same as agent of fail

1202.S: Chatterbox does n't mean to kick a prominent Wall Street analyst when he 's down . 
  K: If n't mean causes kick then agent of n't mean is the same as agent of kick

1203.S: Rather , he recites these details to raise a larger question : Do purveyors of extreme predictions ever pay a price when their predictions prove wrong ? 
  K: If recite causes raise then recipient of recite is the same as agent of raise

1204.S: Either you want that situation to change or you do n't , but denying it seems silly . 
  K: If want causes change then recipient of want is the same as agent of change

1205.S: I know you endured the Bradley-Gore speeches , but we should try to catch the debates this week . 
  K: If try causes catch then agent of try is the same as agent of catch

1206.S: I know you endured the Bradley-Gore speeches , but we should try to catch the debates this week . 
  K: If try causes catch then agent of try is the same as agent of catch

1207.S: And this is commentary that the investors who are making the decisions that will either continue or end the sell-off are hearing as they are trying to make those decisions . 
  K: If try causes make then agent of try is the same as agent of make

1208.S: Because it has published three times since the initial omission , it scores an additional three points . 
  K: If publish causes score then agent of publish is the same as agent of score

1209.S: Which is what Journal news employees are instructed to say whenever the editorial page causes them cringing embarrassment . 
  K: If instruct causes say then recipient of instruct is the same as agent of say

1210.S: Chatterbox acknowledges and regrets this error . -RRB- 
  K: If acknowledge causes regret then agent of acknowledge is the same as agent of regret

1211.S: What 's more , People magazine got Walters to repeat the story almost verbatim . 
  K: If get causes repeat then recipient of get is the same as agent of repeat

1212.S: DO N'T GIVE UP !!!! Hi , I 'm Andrew Morton , and I want to share a few presidential pickup lines that REALLY , REALLY work ! 
  K: If want causes share then agent of want is the same as agent of share

1213.S: `` Do n't worry , I 'm going to take care of you . 
  K: If go causes take then agent of go is the same as agent of take

1214.S: `` Do n't worry , I 'm going to take care of you . 
  K: If go causes take then agent of go is the same as agent of take

1215.S: Newspapers hate to credit other newspapers . 
  K: If hate causes credit then agent of hate is the same as agent of credit

1216.S: Newspapers hate to credit other newspapers . 
  K: If hate causes credit then agent of hate is the same as recipient of credit

1217.S: The Los Angeles Times puts it across all six columns of the top of its front page and puts two more related page one stories below . 
  K: If put causes put then agent of put is the same as agent of put

1218.S: Among the big papers , the Post is alone in keeping the Mike Tyson story on page one , detailing there how on Monday , Tyson apologized to Evander Holyfield for biting him on both ears . 
  K: If apologize causes Evander_Holyfield then agent of apologize is the same as agent of Evander_Holyfield

1219.S: And yes , the Washington Post uses its top right to report `` President , Congress Close in on Tax Deal . '' 
  K: If use causes report then recipient of use is the same as agent of report

1220.S: The LAT also has a scoop on the front today -- the revelation that the Pentagon and CIA have worked up a plan for nabbing former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karaszic to bring him up on international war crimes charges . 
  K: If nab causes bring then recipient of nab is the same as agent of bring

1221.S: Seems that the investigators neglected to mention `` that 62 percent of the teen-age mothers were 18 or 19 years old and , therefore , like the fathers of their babies , adults . '' 
  K: If neglect causes like then agent of neglect is the same as agent of like

1222.S: If nothing else , the episode allows the Post to trot out this foreign correspondent 's staple phrase -LRB- found , I believe , on key F7 -RRB- : `` the capital appeared calm but tense tonight . '' 
  K: If allow causes trot then recipient of allow is the same as agent of trot

1223.S: The drug combination was never approved by the FDA and is believed to be prescribed about 18 million times a month . 
  K: If never approve causes prescribe then recipient of never approve is the same as recipient of prescribe

1224.S: The drug combination was never approved by the FDA and is believed to be prescribed about 18 million times a month . 
  K: If believe causes prescribe then recipient of believe is the same as recipient of prescribe

1225.S: The change would be to allow people to check more than one race block . 
  K: If allow causes check then recipient of allow is the same as agent of check

1226.S: Hearing Impaired The Senate 's political fundraising hearings continue to play big . 
  K: If continue causes play then agent of continue is the same as agent of play

1227.S: Instead , Sullivan explained , the `` coffees were a tool in helping us motivate and energize the people that we needed to motivate and energize to help us raise the $ 130 million that we wanted to raise . '' 
  K: If need causes energize then agent of need is the same as agent of energize

1228.S: Instead , Sullivan explained , the `` coffees were a tool in helping us motivate and energize the people that we needed to motivate and energize to help us raise the $ 130 million that we wanted to raise . '' 
  K: If want causes raise then agent of want is the same as agent of raise

1229.S: The USAT headline says he quit , but its text says he was ousted . 
  K: If quit causes oust then agent of quit is the same as recipient of oust

1230.S: NASA is weighing its options and should decide soon . 
  K: If weigh causes decide then agent of weigh is the same as agent of decide

1231.S: And the LAT and WP each have front-page stories on whether or not House Republicans are trying to oust Newt Gingrich -LRB- the players are n't saying -RRB- . 
  K: If try causes oust then agent of try is the same as agent of oust

1232.S: Their downfall is often , says the piece , that they like to taunt their pursuers . 
  K: If like causes taunt then agent of like is the same as agent of taunt

1233.S: The WP is carrying an AP story inside today stating that , despite initially agreeing to be questioned by Senate investigators , John Huang 's wife , Jane , has now , like him , decided to take the 5th Amendment . 
  K: If decide causes take then agent of decide is the same as agent of take

1234.S: Carpenter-McMillan goes on to give her opinion of James Carville : `` I love Mary Matalin . 
  K: If go causes give then agent of go is the same as agent of give

1235.S: The cops are still trying to determine if any associates of Cunanan helped hide him while he was a fugitive . 
  K: If try causes determine then agent of try is the same as agent of determine

1236.S: The Post oil story is that `` the Clinton administration has decided not to oppose a $ 1.6 billion pipeline that would carry huge quantities of Central Asian natural gas across Iran , the first significant easing of the economic isolation of the Tehran regime , according to U.S. officials and other sources . '' 
  K: If decide causes not oppose then agent of decide is the same as agent of not oppose

1237.S: The reporting makes it clear that right now , Washington is too busy bi-partying -- the stories describe the Democrats celebrating yesterday on the White House South Lawn , the Republicans on the Capitol steps -- to think much about the morning after . 
  K: If clear causes think then agent of clear is the same as agent of think

1238.S: When Yassir Arafat telephoned Benjamin Netanyahu to express his condolences , the Israeli Prime Minister , says USAT , `` responded angrily . '' 
  K: If telephone causes express then recipient of telephone is the same as agent of express

1239.S: ` You have to completely change what you are saying and doing . 
  K: If change causes do then agent of change is the same as agent of do

1240.S: ` You have to completely change what you are saying and doing . 
  K: If say causes do then agent of say is the same as agent of do

1241.S: The Times says the man later told an interpreter , `` My roommates are going to follow up on Jerusalem . '' 
  K: If go causes follow then agent of go is the same as agent of follow

1242.S: The Times says the man later told an interpreter , `` My roommates are going to follow up on Jerusalem . '' 
  K: If go causes follow then agent of go is the same as agent of follow

1243.S: The tax bill , the Journal notices , `` even allows U.S. wine bottlers to continue using names , including port and burgundy , of European wine-producing regions . '' 
  K: If allow causes continue then recipient of allow is the same as agent of continue

1244.S: `` Netanyahu Puts Onus on Arafat '' is the Washington Post 's lead , and both the New York Times , the Los Angeles Times and USA Today have front-page stories covering the various diplomatic , military and financial pressures Israel is now bringing to bear on the Palestinian Authority . 
  K: If bring causes bear then agent of bring is the same as agent of bear

1245.S: The article even takes several paragraphs to explain how to legally beat this new tax . 
  K: If take causes explain then recipient of take is the same as agent of explain

1246.S: The article even takes several paragraphs to explain how to legally beat this new tax . 
  K: If explain causes beat then agent of explain is the same as agent of beat

1247.S: Another : One day the Devil meets a new Russian capitalist and offers him anything he wants . 
  K: If meet causes offer then agent of meet is the same as agent of offer

1248.S: The man says he wants to pay no import tax , he wants oil fields , he wants tax breaks , etc. . 
  K: If want causes pay then agent of want is the same as agent of pay

1249.S: No wonder , says the paper , that the union tends to downplay the pension debate , saying instead that it 's the company 's heavy use of part-time workers that is really the core issue . 
  K: If tend causes downplay then agent of tend is the same as agent of downplay

1250.S: A Boss spokeswoman is quoted as saying , '' ... We 're currently trying to find what was going on . '' 
  K: If try causes find then agent of try is the same as agent of find

1251.S: A Boss spokeswoman is quoted as saying , '' ... We 're currently trying to find what was going on . '' 
  K: If try causes find then agent of try is the same as agent of find

1252.S: He tells the paper he never saw it , and that he repeatedly received assurances that there was no hazard of this sort . 
  K: If never see causes receive then agent of never see is the same as agent of receive

1253.S: He tells the paper he never saw it , and that he repeatedly received assurances that there was no hazard of this sort . 
  K: If tell causes receive then agent of tell is the same as agent of receive

1254.S: The article goes on to quote Colin Powell as saying that he does n't recall the report and could n't comment about whether he actually received it . 
  K: If go causes quote then agent of go is the same as agent of quote

1255.S: The article goes on to quote Colin Powell as saying that he does n't recall the report and could n't comment about whether he actually received it . 
  K: If quote causes n't comment then agent of quote is the same as agent of n't comment

1256.S: Imagine a NASA astronaut having the nerve to say such things ! 
  K: If have causes say then recipient of have is the same as agent of say

1257.S: ` Whether you use the language of the street and call it a shakedown or whether you just call it our system , however you put it , it 's a messy system . ' '' 
  K: If use causes call then agent of use is the same as agent of call

1258.S: And the headlines over that story tend to befog rather than clarify . 
  K: If tend causes befog then agent of tend is the same as agent of befog

1259.S: The paper explains that the verdict means that Symington must resign immediately , and also probably means lots of jail time . 
  K: If mean causes mean then agent of mean is the same as agent of mean

1260.S: The Diana media oil slick continues to spread . 
  K: If continue causes spread then agent of continue is the same as agent of spread

1261.S: But the Post does n't bother to explain whether these glitterati were there because they were friends of Diana 's or were simply exercising the modern celebrity 's nearly universally-recognized right to get any hard ticket . 
  K: If explain causes n't bother then agent of explain is the same as agent of n't bother

1262.S: But the Post does n't bother to explain whether these glitterati were there because they were friends of Diana 's or were simply exercising the modern celebrity 's nearly universally-recognized right to get any hard ticket . 
  K: If exercise causes explain then agent of exercise is the same as agent of explain

1263.S: A strong governor also appoints most of the members of his Cabinet and can serve multiple terms . 
  K: If appoint causes serve then agent of appoint is the same as agent of serve

1264.S: The Texas governor can veto bills and make line-item vetoes on appropriations bills . 
  K: If veto causes make then agent of veto is the same as agent of make

1265.S: Bush has all three , and he has used them to persuade the legislature to enact incremental portions of his agenda on issues such as education , welfare , and taxes . 
  K: If use causes persuade then recipient of use is the same as agent of persuade

1266.S: I had seen the Wallace and forgotten . 
  K: If see causes forget then agent of see is the same as agent of forget

1267.S: I try to imagine `` Hardball : 1776 . '' 
  K: If try causes imagine then agent of try is the same as agent of imagine

1268.S: That is : Rosen 's writing and thinking betrays almost no familiarity with what is actually required to produce good journalism . 
  K: If require causes produce then recipient of require is the same as agent of produce

1269.S: You 've inspired me to try . 
  K: If inspire causes try then recipient of inspire is the same as agent of try

1270.S: Which leads one to think what will happen when Castro falls ? 
  K: If lead causes think then recipient of lead is the same as agent of think

1271.S: All right , I 'm gon na have a double espresso and sit through Bradley-Gore tonight . 
  K: If gon causes sit then agent of gon is the same as agent of sit

1272.S: Peter Jennings , who was a somewhat off-key moderator throughout the event , then asked a pointless thumbsucker of a follow-up : `` How large a mistake is a president allowed to make ? '' 
  K: If allow causes make then recipient of allow is the same as agent of make

1273.S: Park , accused of committing four counts of fraud , is said to have advised followers to buy certain stocks , which he then sold on the sly as their orders lifted the stocks ' prices . 
  K: If say causes advise then recipient of say is the same as agent of advise

1274.S: Park , accused of committing four counts of fraud , is said to have advised followers to buy certain stocks , which he then sold on the sly as their orders lifted the stocks ' prices . 
  K: If advise causes buy then recipient of advise is the same as agent of buy

1275.S: And yet they continue to ignore the important work of Foster Brooks ?! Later . 
  K: If continue causes ignore then agent of continue is the same as agent of ignore

1276.S: According to FCC chairman William E. Kennard 's reply , McCain 's query was `` highly unusual , '' and threatened to harm `` the due process rights of the parties . '' 
  K: If threaten causes harm then agent of threaten is the same as agent of harm

1277.S: He keeps daring us not to notice that it 's changing . 
  K: If dare causes not notice then recipient of dare is the same as agent of not notice

1278.S: Should teams now attempt to reform their athletes views on other issues , women , etc ? 
  K: If attempt causes reform then agent of attempt is the same as agent of reform

1279.S: Are you actually supposed to keep track of the trades where you do n't make money ? '' 
  K: If n't make causes suppose then agent of n't make is the same as recipient of suppose

1280.S: As soon as he realized the power was out , he began looting shops . 
  K: If realize causes begin then agent of realize is the same as agent of begin

1281.S: The WP story says that the CDC did n't try to figure out why the drop occurred . 
  K: If n't try causes figure then agent of n't try is the same as agent of figure

1282.S: How many boxes will Gary Bauer be standing on ? 
  K: If Gary_Bauer causes stand then agent of Gary_Bauer is the same as agent of stand

1283.S: McCain 's nadir came when Bush cleverly asked Orrin Hatch to explain why Republicans oppose McCain 's campaign-finance-reform plan . 
  K: If ask causes explain then recipient of ask is the same as agent of explain

1284.S: The U.S. Supreme Court plans to `` review Florida 's use of the electric chair '' because the state has botched a number of executions . 
  K: If plan causes review then agent of plan is the same as agent of review

1285.S: The Iowa Democratic Debate : Remembering Lenny I now understand why Gore wants to debate so much . 
  K: If want causes debate then agent of want is the same as agent of debate

1286.S: The Troxels , assisted by governmental groups and the AARP , argue that courts should be allowed to mandate grandparental visitation rights to protect the welfare of minors . 
  K: If allow causes mandate then recipient of allow is the same as agent of mandate

1287.S: The luxury apartment market is so overheated that dozens of co-ops have begun to screen the pets of potential owners . 
  K: If begin causes screen then agent of begin is the same as agent of screen

1288.S: -LRB- How realistic it actually is , Mr. Mob Reporter , I hope you are going to tell us . -RRB- 
  K: If go causes tell then agent of go is the same as agent of tell

1289.S: -LRB- Chatterbox pauses here to emphasize that he does n't consider either Rosenbaum or Navasky to be vain or pretentious , though Rosenbaum is a bit of a technophobe ; see his Slate dispatches , `` The Last Luddite Gets Wired , '' which Rosenbaum was too much of a Luddite ever to complete . 
  K: If pause causes emphasize then agent of pause is the same as agent of emphasize

1290.S: Find him saying that he 's going to examine their personal convictions . 
  K: If go causes examine then agent of go is the same as agent of examine

1291.S: No way I 'm showing you mine until you show me yours . 
  K: If show causes show then agent of show is the same as recipient of show

1292.S: I was talking to David Chase a couple of weeks ago -LRB- am I just the most insufferable mob-related name-dropper , or what ? -RRB- 
  K: If talk causes David_Chase then agent of talk is the same as agent of David_Chase

1293.S: Inquiring minds want to know . 
  K: If want causes know then agent of want is the same as agent of know

1294.S: Even when it comes to broadband , AOL 's strategy seemed to be working well . 
  K: If seem causes work then agent of seem is the same as agent of work

1295.S: Even when it comes to broadband , AOL 's strategy seemed to be working well . 
  K: If seem causes work then agent of seem is the same as agent of work

1296.S: By acquiring Time Warner , AOL seems to be saying , `` Content still does matter . 
  K: If seem causes say then agent of seem is the same as agent of say

1297.S: But if you want to know what CBS and Disney are really worth , you 're better off trusting the market than trusting them . 
  K: If want causes know then agent of want is the same as agent of know

1298.S: But if you want to know what CBS and Disney are really worth , you 're better off trusting the market than trusting them . 
  K: If know causes trust then agent of know is the same as agent of trust

1299.S: Other recent gaffes include : `` The question we need to ask : Is our children learning ? '' 
  K: If need causes ask then agent of need is the same as agent of ask

1300.S: Most of it is critics trying to explain how they think things work , and why they like them . 
  K: If think causes like then agent of think is the same as agent of like

1301.S: Would you like to be Judith `` the Jew '' Shulevitz ? 
  K: If like causes Judith then agent of like is the same as recipient of Judith

1302.S: The mafia is over as we know it , or think we know it . 
  K: If know causes think then agent of know is the same as agent of think

1303.S: I wonder if he 's in there right now , trying to convince the network he works for that it should just buy TV Guide : `` Hey , people can use TV Guide to find our shows . 
  K: If use causes find then recipient of use is the same as agent of find

1304.S: They 're likely to try to sabotage it . 
  K: If try causes sabotage then agent of try is the same as agent of sabotage

1305.S: And what 's more , Republicans want them to undermine it . 
  K: If want causes undermine then recipient of want is the same as agent of undermine

1306.S: Whenever he 's onscreen and manages not to do or say something that gets him shot , I 'm hugely relieved . 
  K: If say causes 'm then agent of say is the same as agent of 'm

1307.S: Whenever he 's onscreen and manages not to do or say something that gets him shot , I 'm hugely relieved . 
  K: If say causes 'm then agent of say is the same as agent of 'm

1308.S: I loved the way she said `` Toodle-fuckin ' - oo , '' as if she were channeling Tonyspeak . 
  K: If say causes channel then agent of say is the same as agent of channel

1309.S: I love Tony 's crew , and I love mob intrigue . 
  K: If love causes love then agent of love is the same as agent of love

1310.S: I 'd rather watch Silvo and Paulie Walnuts and Pussy and Tony shoot pool and gripe and plot to kill people , and I 'd rather watch Hesh scheme and Christopher explode , than watch Lorraine Bracco act . 
  K: If plot causes kill then agent of plot is the same as agent of kill

1311.S: But the story does n't claim to know along what lines . 
  K: If n't claim causes know then agent of n't claim is the same as agent of know

1312.S: On reflection , though , Chatterbox thinks Benetton 's fear is more likely the opposite : It does n't want to find any innocent men or women . 
  K: If n't want causes find then agent of n't want is the same as agent of find

1313.S: Sullivan may really believe that rich people should get to keep as much of their money as possible -- actually , he does believe this -- but if he does , he should come out and say it , and not try to disguise the argument as somehow about correct process or the imaginary salvation of liberalism . 
  K: If not try causes disguise then agent of not try is the same as agent of disguise

1314.S: I always thought Michael married her because she was a Wasp -- because she embodied his abandoned dream of assimilation , and also because she gave him cover . 
  K: If embody causes give then agent of embody is the same as agent of give

1315.S: I think it 's an excellent dramatization of the weird state of knowing-and-not-knowing that mob kids are forced to live in . 
  K: If force causes live then recipient of force is the same as agent of live

1316.S: I asked her to explain further : `` It 's just more complicated than what you think . '' 
  K: If ask causes explain then recipient of ask is the same as agent of explain

1317.S: And American Mutual Holding , an Iowa company , has agreed to buy the Indianapolis Life Insurance Company . 
  K: If agree causes buy then agent of agree is the same as agent of buy

1318.S: `` Ford unveiled its forthcoming line of electric vehicles , and said they will be sold under the new brand name Th!nk . 
  K: If unveil causes say then agent of unveil is the same as agent of say

1319.S: Would you want to be quoted saying something that meaningless ? '' 
  K: If want causes quote then agent of want is the same as recipient of quote

1320.S: Whatever its shortcomings -- and they are many -- only big media possesses the means to consistently hold big business and big government accountable . 
  K: If possess causes hold then recipient of possess is the same as agent of hold

1321.S: If they 're absolutely right , then why did n't they write better separate articles instead ? 
  K: If 're causes n't write then agent of 're is the same as agent of n't write

1322.S: Not Gotcha My Slate colleague Jacob Weisberg argues that the ... let 's call it the unfolding of Vice President Gore 's position on the great Joint Chiefs Gay Litmus Test issue was not sufficiently flip-floppy `` to constitute a ` reversal . ' '' 
  K: If not sufficiently causes constitute then recipient of not sufficiently is the same as agent of constitute

1323.S: The only difference , Weisberg says , is that demanding '' ` support ' ... leaves open the theoretical possibility of appointing a military officer so honorable that he will work assiduously to implement a policy he personally disagrees with . '' 
  K: If work causes implement then agent of work is the same as agent of implement

1324.S: When the Dalai Lama fled Tibet , the Chinese government tried to elevate the Panchen Lama to take his place . 
  K: If elevate causes take then recipient of elevate is the same as agent of take

1325.S: When the Dalai Lama fled Tibet , the Chinese government tried to elevate the Panchen Lama to take his place . 
  K: If try causes elevate then agent of try is the same as agent of elevate

1326.S: When the Dalai Lama fled Tibet , the Chinese government tried to elevate the Panchen Lama to take his place . 
  K: If elevate causes take then recipient of elevate is the same as agent of take

1327.S: But the Karmapa Lama is said to have fled because of recent Chinese restrictions on his movement and teachings . 
  K: If say causes flee then recipient of say is the same as agent of flee

1328.S: India has not yet decided whether to grant him asylum . 
  K: If not decide causes grant then agent of not decide is the same as agent of grant

1329.S: The New York Times lead focuses on the partial birth abortion ban and does n't mention the Boy Scout case . 
  K: If focus causes n't mention then agent of focus is the same as agent of n't mention

1330.S: The NYT front notes that South Korea plans to spend around $ 1 billion over the next five years to build a rocket capable of launching satellites . 
  K: If plan causes spend then agent of plan is the same as agent of spend

1331.S: Keyes : All these folks are gong to give you something . 
  K: If gong causes give then agent of gong is the same as agent of give

1332.S: Ryerson : Tougher laws are needed to protect our environment ? 
  K: If need causes protect then recipient of need is the same as agent of protect

1333.S: This includes conservatives such as Tucker Carlson -LRB- LE -RRB- and John McLaughlin -LRB- MG -RRB- , who pronounces Hillary `` a hit . 
  K: If include causes pronounce then recipient of include is the same as agent of pronounce

1334.S: I drive a Honda Civic , and am therefore terrified of SUVs . 
  K: If drive causes terrify then agent of drive is the same as agent of terrify

1335.S: Then another engineer will write in , correcting that first engineer . 
  K: If write causes correct then agent of write is the same as recipient of correct

1336.S: If Larry wants to call the sum of regulation , public and private , code , so be it . 
  K: If want causes call then agent of want is the same as agent of call

1337.S: That 's the second part of the argument that seems to have gone missing : that the liberty , or freedom , that cyberspace guarantees now is a function of the architecture of that space . 
  K: If seem causes go then agent of seem is the same as agent of go

1338.S: It features a giant close-up of JonBenet Ramsey 's head , along with the following cover language : `` Why does the three-year-old murder of a little girl continue to captivate the media ? 
  K: If continue causes captivate then agent of continue is the same as agent of captivate

1339.S: Moomba Mania I hate to say it , but I missed the New York Daily News today . 
  K: If hate causes miss then agent of hate is the same as agent of miss

1340.S: Moomba Mania I hate to say it , but I missed the New York Daily News today . 
  K: If say causes miss then agent of say is the same as agent of miss

1341.S: It was a bit difficult to hear him through his balaclava , but I 'm pretty sure Broder 's point was that Bradley and McCain were peaking too early . 
  K: If hear causes 'm then agent of hear is the same as agent of 'm

1342.S: He wanted to know what we should do to ensure the longest possible primary season . 
  K: If want causes know then agent of want is the same as agent of know

1343.S: He even offered to write the first draft of a column about how McCain had a highly conservative voting record . 
  K: If offer causes write then agent of offer is the same as agent of write

1344.S: Roberts apologized for raining on Gerry 's parade , but said he thought the McCain-as-closet-conservative story would be more effective if it were n't written by a columnist . 
  K: If apologize causes say then agent of apologize is the same as agent of say

1345.S: Fineman then raised a new concern : Would n't it be unfair to McCain to criticize him for being too conservative ? 
  K: If McCain causes criticize then agent of McCain is the same as agent of criticize

1346.S: According to conspiracy rules , all politicians were supposed to receive credit -LRB- `` new respect '' -RRB- for turning more liberal . 
  K: If suppose causes receive then recipient of suppose is the same as agent of receive

1347.S: The NYT top-fronts Kofi Annan 's choice of former U.N. arms monitor Rolf Ekeus to lead a new U.N. commission that will attempt to complete the task of assessing the chemical , biological , and nuclear weapons capabilities of Saddam Hussein . 
  K: If monitor causes lead then recipient of monitor is the same as agent of lead

1348.S: The NYT top-fronts Kofi Annan 's choice of former U.N. arms monitor Rolf Ekeus to lead a new U.N. commission that will attempt to complete the task of assessing the chemical , biological , and nuclear weapons capabilities of Saddam Hussein . 
  K: If attempt causes complete then agent of attempt is the same as agent of complete

1349.S: 1984 : Everyone remembers the famous episode of Diff ` rent Strokes where Nancy Reagan teaches Arnold to `` Just Say No . '' 
  K: If teach causes Say then recipient of teach is the same as agent of Say

1350.S: You may want to put your investigative reporter skills to work on this one , Tim . 
  K: If want causes put then agent of want is the same as agent of put

1351.S: Those people who wish to set up commercial portals through which others must come do not violate the liberty of those who choose not to enter . 
  K: If wish causes set then agent of wish is the same as agent of set

1352.S: I do not know what it means to say that `` the market form of organization itself disables a certain form of freedom . '' 
  K: If mean causes say then recipient of mean is the same as agent of say

1353.S: Thurston , a member of the editorial board that oversees the publication of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual , or DSM , said the group was debating whether to expand a previous category of addiction in order to cover the new condition . 
  K: If debate causes expand then agent of debate is the same as agent of expand

1354.S: I could air home movies and draw a bigger pay-per-view audience . -RRB- 
  K: If air causes draw then agent of air is the same as agent of draw

1355.S: One consequence of this design was that the network could not discriminate : So long as you followed the basic Internet protocols , the network would carry your traffic . 
  K: If not discriminate causes carry then agent of not discriminate is the same as agent of carry

1356.S: They are architecting it so that the network owner gets to choose the Internet service provider that you get your broadband Internet service from . 
  K: If get causes choose then agent of get is the same as agent of choose

1357.S: They are architecting it so that the network owner gets to choose the Internet service provider that you get your broadband Internet service from . 
  K: If get causes choose then agent of get is the same as agent of choose

1358.S: And because the architecture allows AT&T to choose , it allows AT&T to control how `` its '' network gets used . 
  K: If allow causes control then recipient of allow is the same as agent of control

1359.S: And because the architecture allows AT&T to choose , it allows AT&T to control how `` its '' network gets used . 
  K: If choose causes control then agent of choose is the same as agent of control

1360.S: And because the architecture allows AT&T to choose , it allows AT&T to control how `` its '' network gets used . 
  K: If allow causes control then recipient of allow is the same as agent of control

1361.S: And because the architecture allows AT&T to choose , it allows AT&T to control how `` its '' network gets used . 
  K: If allow causes control then recipient of allow is the same as agent of control

1362.S: And it has that power because its network has been architected to give it that power . 
  K: If architected causes give then recipient of architected is the same as agent of give

1363.S: Apart from the Hollywood Foreign Press Association , which gets to pretend it 's a serious organization , if only for a night ? 
  K: If get causes pretend then agent of get is the same as agent of pretend

1364.S: ... A new flame may break a date , but try to be forgiving . '' 
  K: If break causes forgive then agent of break is the same as agent of forgive

1365.S: ... A new flame may break a date , but try to be forgiving . '' 
  K: If try causes forgive then agent of try is the same as agent of forgive

1366.S: It is as not as though when AT&T starts its broadband system that it can compel me to join it . 
  K: If compel causes join then recipient of compel is the same as agent of join

1367.S: It is as not as though when AT&T starts its broadband system that it can compel me to join it . 
  K: If compel causes join then agent of compel is the same as recipient of join

1368.S: Let it build its own system so long as it does not shut down any other . 
  K: If build causes not shut then agent of build is the same as agent of not shut

1369.S: But now they want to make sure that they influence the traffic over the Net . 
  K: If want causes make then agent of want is the same as agent of make

1370.S: OK , so it 's actually freezing cold here -- colder than the mayor 's heart , as New Yorkers like to say . 
  K: If like causes say then agent of like is the same as agent of say

1371.S: Or as I like to imagine they like to say . 
  K: If like causes imagine then agent of like is the same as agent of imagine

1372.S: Or as I like to imagine they like to say . 
  K: If like causes say then agent of like is the same as agent of say

1373.S: Had the teacher -- had I -- done a better job in explaining it , then this student would have gotten it . 
  K: If explain causes get then recipient of explain is the same as recipient of get

1374.S: So they do n't know enough to punish the sharer , by reducing its market share . 
  K: If n't know causes punish then agent of n't know is the same as agent of punish

1375.S: You and Dr. Pangloss , me and the reality that what I thought was a fairly obvious point , I have obviously failed to convey . 
  K: If fail causes convey then agent of fail is the same as agent of convey

1376.S: I type up the subjects I want to spoof and put them under my pillow . 
  K: If want causes spoof then agent of want is the same as agent of spoof

1377.S: I type up the subjects I want to spoof and put them under my pillow . 
  K: If spoof causes put then agent of spoof is the same as agent of put

1378.S: I type up the subjects I want to spoof and put them under my pillow . 
  K: If type causes put then agent of type is the same as agent of put

1379.S: It also appears to stir a sense of competition , if not competitive panic , among Bush 's major contributors and fund-raisers . 
  K: If appear causes stir then agent of appear is the same as agent of stir

1380.S: And now that you mention it , you 're quite right : It is a travesty . 
  K: If mention causes 're then agent of mention is the same as agent of 're

1381.S: This was n't anything you needed to listen to more than once -LRB- though I knew people who did -RRB- . 
  K: If need causes listen then agent of need is the same as agent of listen

1382.S: The LAT fronts the growth last year of union membership , which is noted inside elsewhere . 
  K: If front causes note then recipient of front is the same as recipient of note

1383.S: It is that he is a skilled teacher , or at least advocate , who has tried to sell an alarmist message that just does not add up . 
  K: If try causes sell then agent of try is the same as agent of sell

1384.S: The state could not condition the power of a newspaper to sell its paper on the willingness to sell its subscriber list , so why here ? 
  K: If not condition causes sell then recipient of not condition is the same as agent of sell

1385.S: They require government protection of property rights to work well . 
  K: If require causes work then recipient of require is the same as agent of work

1386.S: For he dreams and when he dreams , he dreams of this : Broadway . 
  K: If dream causes dream then agent of dream is the same as agent of dream

1387.S: For he dreams and when he dreams , he dreams of this : Broadway . 
  K: If dream causes dream then agent of dream is the same as agent of dream

1388.S: `` They would never have been economically justified if the country had not been ` swarming ' ... with thousands of small entrepreneurs who repeatedly overestimated their chances of success , but who collectively managed to settle and develop the West while many of them individually were failing . '' 
  K: If manage causes develop then agent of manage is the same as agent of develop

1389.S: ... I walked down the aisle recently and I have to tell you , if there 's something greater than the sanctity of marriage , I have yet to find it . 
  K: If walk causes tell then agent of walk is the same as agent of tell

1390.S: You say `` Larry seems to think that public and private controls are the same . '' 
  K: If seem causes think then agent of seem is the same as agent of think

1391.S: You run , but you will not hide . 
  K: If run causes not hide then agent of run is the same as agent of not hide

1392.S: I have tried to `` sell '' a message , it is true . 
  K: If try causes sell then agent of try is the same as agent of sell

1393.S: ... If you ask me , this fire thing is n't gon na last . 
  K: If n't gon causes last then agent of n't gon is the same as agent of last

1394.S: I have this image of him wandering around the newsroom , saying , `` So , what word do I use to describe the circumstances under which he left ? 
  K: If use causes describe then agent of use is the same as agent of describe

1395.S: And , indeed , the story goes on to quote Rep. Bob Barr calling the action `` utterly frivolous . '' 
  K: If go causes quote then agent of go is the same as agent of quote

1396.S: Is n't it likely that Tripp had simply read the Drudge Report and erroneously believed that Isikoff was working on a book ? 
  K: If read causes believe then agent of read is the same as agent of believe

1397.S: He told her she should n't publish her story herself , but that she should let him have it . 
  K: If n't publish causes let then agent of n't publish is the same as agent of let

1398.S: The WP stuffs the story but fronts a two-column photo of the protests . 
  K: If stuff causes front then agent of stuff is the same as agent of front

1399.S: It has vowed to prosecute without leniency all those involved . 
  K: If vow causes prosecute then agent of vow is the same as agent of prosecute

1400.S: He says that he 's running on the `` radical premise that you can tell people what you believe and win . '' 
  K: If tell causes win then agent of tell is the same as agent of win

1401.S: He says that he 's running on the `` radical premise that you can tell people what you believe and win . '' 
  K: If believe causes win then agent of believe is the same as agent of win

1402.S: I need you to fight for me -- 7 p.m. Monday ! '' 
  K: If need causes fight then recipient of need is the same as agent of fight

1403.S: `` What my campaign is about is asking good people to come forward and join us so that our voices can be heard , '' he says . 
  K: If ask causes join then recipient of ask is the same as agent of join

1404.S: As for me , I 'm going to make some French toast . 
  K: If go causes make then agent of go is the same as agent of make

1405.S: It sounded better than the fancy new textbook one of my kids used last year to study the Middle Ages , which aspired to spend equal time on the non-Western world -- and so ended up spending much too little time on anything . 
  K: If aspire causes spend then agent of aspire is the same as agent of spend

1406.S: It sounded better than the fancy new textbook one of my kids used last year to study the Middle Ages , which aspired to spend equal time on the non-Western world -- and so ended up spending much too little time on anything . 
  K: If study causes spend then recipient of study is the same as agent of spend

1407.S: It sounded better than the fancy new textbook one of my kids used last year to study the Middle Ages , which aspired to spend equal time on the non-Western world -- and so ended up spending much too little time on anything . 
  K: If aspire causes spend then agent of aspire is the same as agent of spend

1408.S: It sounded better than the fancy new textbook one of my kids used last year to study the Middle Ages , which aspired to spend equal time on the non-Western world -- and so ended up spending much too little time on anything . 
  K: If aspire causes spend then agent of aspire is the same as agent of spend

1409.S: Back then , my parents had just bought us a homicidal pony named Yankee , and while I was trying to ride him one day , he bucked me right over a three-rail fence . 
  K: If try causes ride then agent of try is the same as agent of ride

1410.S: It 's like all of us , not just the athletes , need to see someone who 's fearless and acts like they 're going to live forever . 
  K: If go causes live then agent of go is the same as agent of live

1411.S: The scandal continues to widen . 
  K: If continue causes widen then agent of continue is the same as agent of widen

1412.S: His name is cited on the title page specifically to guarantee the quality of the work . 
  K: If cite causes guarantee then recipient of cite is the same as agent of guarantee

1413.S: HBES president John Tooby tells Culturebox that he and other HBES members did not fail to be alarmed by MacDonald 's ideas . 
  K: If not fail causes alarm then agent of not fail is the same as recipient of alarm

1414.S: They did n't want to give MacDonald and his reviewer any more attention than they had received already . 
  K: If n't want causes give then agent of n't want is the same as agent of give

1415.S: They did n't want to give MacDonald and his reviewer any more attention than they had received already . 
  K: If give causes receive then agent of give is the same as agent of receive

1416.S: Culturebox would reply that if you 're going to take the unusual step of welcoming all ideas , you ca n't proceed to ignore the bad ones . 
  K: If go causes take then agent of go is the same as agent of take

1417.S: Culturebox would reply that if you 're going to take the unusual step of welcoming all ideas , you ca n't proceed to ignore the bad ones . 
  K: If n't proceed causes ignore then agent of n't proceed is the same as agent of ignore

1418.S: Culturebox would reply that if you 're going to take the unusual step of welcoming all ideas , you ca n't proceed to ignore the bad ones . 
  K: If take causes ignore then agent of take is the same as agent of ignore

1419.S: Culturebox would reply that if you 're going to take the unusual step of welcoming all ideas , you ca n't proceed to ignore the bad ones . 
  K: If n't proceed causes ignore then agent of n't proceed is the same as agent of ignore

1420.S: Culturebox would reply that if you 're going to take the unusual step of welcoming all ideas , you ca n't proceed to ignore the bad ones . 
  K: If n't proceed causes ignore then agent of n't proceed is the same as agent of ignore

1421.S: Culturebox would reply that if you 're going to take the unusual step of welcoming all ideas , you ca n't proceed to ignore the bad ones . 
  K: If n't proceed causes ignore then agent of n't proceed is the same as agent of ignore

1422.S: Culturebox would reply that if you 're going to take the unusual step of welcoming all ideas , you ca n't proceed to ignore the bad ones . 
  K: If n't proceed causes ignore then agent of n't proceed is the same as agent of ignore

1423.S: I do n't know why I thought this ; probably because of all the MJ hype and MJ adoration and MJ this and MJ that and a lingering feeling that ESPN SportsCentury totally blew it and should be renamed ESPN SportsDecade : The '90s . 
  K: If blow causes rename then agent of blow is the same as recipient of rename

1424.S: I do n't know why I thought this ; probably because of all the MJ hype and MJ adoration and MJ this and MJ that and a lingering feeling that ESPN SportsCentury totally blew it and should be renamed ESPN SportsDecade : The '90s . 
  K: If blow causes rename then agent of blow is the same as recipient of rename

1425.S: I do n't know why I thought this ; probably because of all the MJ hype and MJ adoration and MJ this and MJ that and a lingering feeling that ESPN SportsCentury totally blew it and should be renamed ESPN SportsDecade : The '90s . 
  K: If blow causes rename then agent of blow is the same as recipient of rename

1426.S: This book has notably little to say about what sort of changes could help most to raise the quality of teachers and principals , which they evidently consider to be pretty low . 
  K: If help causes raise then recipient of help is the same as agent of raise

1427.S: But what do you do if you ca n't afford , or get your kid into , a private school and do n't want him to attend parochial school ? 
  K: If n't want causes attend then recipient of n't want is the same as agent of attend

1428.S: But what do you do if you ca n't afford , or get your kid into , a private school and do n't want him to attend parochial school ? 
  K: If n't want causes attend then agent of n't want is the same as recipient of attend

1429.S: Whatever ever happened to craving a Porsche ? 
  K: If happen causes crave then agent of happen is the same as agent of crave

1430.S: I 'm ranting , I know . 
  K: If rant causes know then agent of rant is the same as agent of know

1431.S: So Pound has to interrogate Coles to find out what he did and , ultimately , whether he stays or goes . 
  K: If interrogate causes find then recipient of interrogate is the same as agent of find

1432.S: Warner got to play . 
  K: If get causes play then agent of get is the same as agent of play

1433.S: It 's a great story , the kind the Olympics used to give us all the time . 
  K: If use causes give then agent of use is the same as agent of give

1434.S: Makes you want to watch Sunday 's game just to see how it turns out . 
  K: If want causes watch then agent of want is the same as agent of watch

1435.S: But it was a suppressed smirk that said , `` I 'm trying to hide my contempt , but I ca n't hide it completely . '' 
  K: If try causes hide then agent of try is the same as agent of hide

1436.S: He had some effective rejoinders , such as when he told Keyes to buzz off when Keyes asked him a question about how he would handle his daughter wanting an abortion . 
  K: If tell causes buzz then recipient of tell is the same as agent of buzz

1437.S: One focus of the organization will be scrutinizing and debunking online polls . 
  K: If scrutinize causes debunk then agent of scrutinize is the same as agent of debunk

1438.S: I hate to say it , but I think the answer might be the latter . 
  K: If hate causes think then agent of hate is the same as agent of think

1439.S: I hate to say it , but I think the answer might be the latter . 
  K: If say causes think then agent of say is the same as agent of think

1440.S: How many 8-to-12-year-old girls know Mia but do n't know Michael ? 
  K: If know causes n't know then agent of know is the same as agent of n't know

1441.S: And yet the number of American sports editors who chose to cover the event is far less than the number who chose to not cover it . 
  K: If choose causes cover then agent of choose is the same as agent of cover

1442.S: And yet the number of American sports editors who chose to cover the event is far less than the number who chose to not cover it . 
  K: If choose causes not cover then agent of choose is the same as agent of not cover

1443.S: The minivan revolution has hit America , but most sports editors refuse to notice . 
  K: If refuse causes notice then agent of refuse is the same as agent of notice

1444.S: What adjective does Albert R. Hunt use to describe Mike Murphy , John McCain 's media adviser ? 
  K: If use causes describe then agent of use is the same as agent of describe

1445.S: If you scored one correctly , you may post a message on Chatterbox 's `` Fray '' page . 
  K: If score causes post then agent of score is the same as agent of post

1446.S: But they are going to change . 
  K: If go causes change then agent of go is the same as agent of change

1447.S: The Internet is going to make traditional media change because it allows readers to choose the content they want , completely bypassing the old SuperEditors who run traditional media now and determine the what we see . 
  K: If make causes go then agent of make is the same as agent of go

1448.S: Business reasons -- not just ethical arguments -- are going to prevail on the media to rethink how we cover all sports , not just women 's sports . 
  K: If go causes prevail then agent of go is the same as agent of prevail

1449.S: `` We 're going to call my opponent on what he 's been doing . '' 
  K: If go causes call then agent of go is the same as agent of call

1450.S: He knows that once Bradley has thrown even a few punches , he ca n't reclaim the status of a conscientious objector . 
  K: If know causes n't reclaim then agent of know is the same as agent of n't reclaim

1451.S: `` Bradley Battles Back '' is the story they 've wanted desperately to write . 
  K: If want causes write then agent of want is the same as agent of write

1452.S: The Great Kibbitzer WINDHAM , NEW HAMPSHIRE -- Bill Bradley likes to say that his campaign rejects `` politics as usual . '' 
  K: If like causes say then agent of like is the same as agent of say

1453.S: He could then legally claim to be his father 's only able-bodied caretaker and evade the draft , even with mom living under the same roof . 
  K: If claim causes evade then agent of claim is the same as agent of evade

1454.S: Divorce laws divide property and dictate the financial support of spouses who did little work outside the home . 
  K: If divide causes dictate then agent of divide is the same as agent of dictate

1455.S: And they charge that the government has not taken their complaints seriously , or is even covering up evidence of a Gulf War Syndrome . 
  K: If not take causes cover then agent of not take is the same as agent of cover

1456.S: After returning home , however , American , Canadian , and British veterans began reporting a variety of chronic symptoms that came to be called the Persian Gulf War syndrome . 
  K: If come causes call then agent of come is the same as recipient of call

1457.S: The Department of Veterans Affairs registered and examined 18,600 American Gulf veterans who were concerned that they might have the syndrome . 
  K: If register causes examine then agent of register is the same as agent of examine

1458.S: Groups such as pro-term-limit organizations and the Christian Action Network have also raised and spent millions on `` issue '' ads , as have the political parties . 
  K: If raise causes spend then agent of raise is the same as agent of spend

1459.S: The tax cuts may force them to put some implausible spending cuts on paper . 
  K: If force causes put then recipient of force is the same as agent of put

1460.S: The tax cuts may force them to put some implausible spending cuts on paper . 
  K: If force causes put then agent of force is the same as recipient of put

1461.S: Hollywood executives are attempting to reduce stars ' influence . 
  K: If attempt causes reduce then agent of attempt is the same as agent of reduce

1462.S: However , the government would keep a `` key , '' which it could use to tap a phone or decrypt data . 
  K: If use causes tap then recipient of use is the same as agent of tap

1463.S: Bob Dole endorsed the bill ; Clinton has promised to veto it . 
  K: If promise causes veto then agent of promise is the same as agent of veto

1464.S: This political pressure forced the Clinton administration to propose a compromise last week . 
  K: If force causes propose then recipient of force is the same as agent of propose

1465.S: When pop music makes headlines , many people are forced to admit that they have lost track of it . 
  K: If force causes admit then recipient of force is the same as agent of admit

1466.S: That 's intentional : Its shifting styles and private language are designed to exclude . 
  K: If design causes exclude then recipient of design is the same as agent of exclude

1467.S: That 's intentional : Its shifting styles and private language are designed to exclude . 
  K: If design causes exclude then recipient of design is the same as agent of exclude

1468.S: Morrissette rations the rough edges to create music that will energize but not alienate her young , primarily female audience . 
  K: If ration causes create then recipient of ration is the same as agent of create

1469.S: Morrissette rations the rough edges to create music that will energize but not alienate her young , primarily female audience . 
  K: If create causes not alienate then recipient of create is the same as agent of not alienate

1470.S: Morrissette rations the rough edges to create music that will energize but not alienate her young , primarily female audience . 
  K: If energize causes not alienate then agent of energize is the same as agent of not alienate

1471.S: The revenue parts of Clinton 's bill were projected to produce $ 241 billion over five years . 
  K: If project causes produce then recipient of project is the same as agent of produce

1472.S: But these numbers need to be adjusted . 
  K: If need causes adjust then agent of need is the same as recipient of adjust

1473.S: Republicans charge that Clinton promised a middle-class tax cut and delivered a tax increase instead . 
  K: If cut causes deliver then agent of cut is the same as agent of deliver

1474.S: Is getting people to pay taxes they already owe but would otherwise escape a `` tax increase '' ? 
  K: If owe causes escape then agent of owe is the same as agent of escape

1475.S: Early last year , the Justice Department allowed Coia to oversee a massive cleanup of his union , rather than filing a racketeering lawsuit , removing Coia , and putting the union under government control . 
  K: If allow causes oversee then recipient of allow is the same as agent of oversee

1476.S: The Haiti invitation was relayed by White House Deputy Chief of Staff Harold Ickes , a lawyer who used to represent the union . 
  K: If use causes represent then agent of use is the same as agent of represent

1477.S: Since the agreement , Coia has hired 50 former FBI agents and several former federal prosecutors to pursue the internal reform . 
  K: If hire causes pursue then recipient of hire is the same as agent of pursue

1478.S: They say the government has made a sweetheart deal that is simply allowing Coia to purge his rivals . 
  K: If allow causes purge then recipient of allow is the same as agent of purge

1479.S: Welfare as We Know It All leading American politicians , including President Clinton and Bob Dole , say they want to end something called `` welfare as we know it . '' 
  K: If want causes end then agent of want is the same as agent of end

1480.S: AFDC costs the federal government about $ 14 billion a year and states another $ 12 billion . 
  K: If cost causes state then agent of cost is the same as agent of state

1481.S: And along with taxes , he pledges to cut the tax-collection bureaucracy . 
  K: If pledge causes cut then agent of pledge is the same as agent of cut

1482.S: Since the IRS relies on self-reported income , it audits returns to ensure payment . 
  K: If audit causes ensure then recipient of audit is the same as agent of ensure

1483.S: Finally , the government can seize property and sell it to collect what it is owed . 
  K: If sell causes collect then recipient of sell is the same as agent of collect

1484.S: But Kwanzaa was not intended to replace Christmas , and many African-American families celebrate both holidays . 
  K: If not intend causes replace then recipient of not intend is the same as agent of replace

1485.S: But they had only one day 's supply of oil to light the flame , which was supposed to burn constantly . 
  K: If suppose causes burn then recipient of suppose is the same as agent of burn

1486.S: Second : Others claim that the rate of return that the average investor expects to receive on stocks has fallen . 
  K: If expect causes receive then agent of expect is the same as agent of receive

1487.S: The history of central bank attempts to deflate overvalued stock prices is not encouraging . 
  K: If attempt causes deflate then agent of attempt is the same as agent of deflate

1488.S: Such expressions might subtly shift market psychology and begin the gradual deflation . 
  K: If shift causes begin then agent of shift is the same as agent of begin

1489.S: Is MCI , now owned by British Telecommunications , forbidden to give ? 
  K: If forbid causes give then agent of forbid is the same as agent of give

1490.S: And what would it cost to make the promise credible ? 
  K: If cost causes make then agent of cost is the same as agent of make

1491.S: Doubters point , first , to circumstantial evidence . 
  K: If point causes circumstantial then agent of point is the same as agent of circumstantial

1492.S: The treaty requires the member states to destroy all stockpiles of chemical weapons within 10 years . 
  K: If require causes destroy then recipient of require is the same as agent of destroy

1493.S: However , many of the countries that the United States would like to check have yet to sign up . 
  K: If like causes check then agent of like is the same as agent of check

1494.S: Thus , if a U.S. court rules a search is unconstitutional , the inspectors will be forced to obtain warrants . 
  K: If force causes obtain then recipient of force is the same as agent of obtain

1495.S: Proponents say the treaty will suffer a fatal loss of credibility if the United States opts not to join . 
  K: If opt causes not join then agent of opt is the same as agent of not join

1496.S: Even if the attendees were never explicitly asked to open their checkbooks on these visits , the administration 's intention was obvious . 
  K: If never ask causes open then recipient of never ask is the same as agent of open

1497.S: According to most analyses , Beijing worried that Clinton would follow through on his 1992 campaign promise to revoke China 's Most Favored Nation -LRB- MFN -RRB- trading status to punish human-rights abuses . 
  K: If follow causes revoke then agent of follow is the same as agent of revoke

1498.S: So far , there is no hard evidence of whether the Chinese government followed through on any of its plans to influence American elections . 
  K: If follow causes influence then agent of follow is the same as agent of influence

1499.S: He pays his civil service virtually no salary , requiring them to earn their income through bribes . 
  K: If require causes earn then recipient of require is the same as agent of earn

1500.S: This week , the parliament voted to oust the prime minister . 
  K: If vote causes oust then agent of vote is the same as agent of oust

1501.S: Increasingly desperate , Mobutu uses Serbian mercenaries to fight the rebels . 
  K: If use causes fight then recipient of use is the same as agent of fight

1502.S: As the Internet grows and changes , how is existing tax law being applied ? 
  K: If grow causes change then agent of grow is the same as agent of change

1503.S: The Mafia is said to rely increasingly on `` associates '' -- mobsters who have not taken an oath . 
  K: If say causes rely then recipient of say is the same as agent of rely

1504.S: 3 -RRB- The rise of black urban politics destroyed the big city machines the Mafia once depended upon to carry out its rackets . 
  K: If depend causes carry then agent of depend is the same as agent of carry

1505.S: -LRB- This summer Poland , Hungary , and the Czech Republic will probably be invited to join the alliance . -RRB- 
  K: If invite causes join then recipient of invite is the same as agent of join

1506.S: When the government failed to fulfill promises to compensate investors , rioters pillaged the capital , Tirana , and battled government-organized militias . 
  K: If fail causes fulfill then agent of fail is the same as agent of fulfill

1507.S: When the government failed to fulfill promises to compensate investors , rioters pillaged the capital , Tirana , and battled government-organized militias . 
  K: If fulfill causes compensate then recipient of fulfill is the same as agent of compensate

1508.S: So far the staunchly anti-Communist government has relied on repression to survive the crisis . 
  K: If rely causes survive then agent of rely is the same as agent of survive

1509.S: Two months of street protests this winter were said to presage his ouster . 
  K: If say causes presage then recipient of say is the same as agent of presage

1510.S: Afterward , oil companies scrambled to tap its prodigious reserves . 
  K: If scramble causes tap then agent of scramble is the same as agent of tap

1511.S: By clogging state courts and tying up real-estate sales , the ROT says it hopes to garner political attention . 
  K: If hope causes garner then agent of hope is the same as agent of garner

1512.S: By clogging state courts and tying up real-estate sales , the ROT says it hopes to garner political attention . 
  K: If hope causes garner then agent of hope is the same as agent of garner

1513.S: The standoff was sparked April 27 when police arrested two ROT members -- one because he refused to display license plates on his vehicle . 
  K: If refuse causes display then agent of refuse is the same as agent of display

1514.S: The standoff was sparked April 27 when police arrested two ROT members -- one because he refused to display license plates on his vehicle . 
  K: If refuse causes display then agent of refuse is the same as agent of display

1515.S: According to British land records , the Jerusalem mufti 's 1934 decree failed to prevent sales . 
  K: If fail causes prevent then agent of fail is the same as agent of prevent

1516.S: It said this included fetuses that doctors expected to be sustained by respirators . 
  K: If expect causes sustain then agent of expect is the same as recipient of sustain

1517.S: The court said that state laws could require a woman and her doctor to perform tests to prove that a fetus is not viable before she obtains an abortion . 
  K: If require causes perform then recipient of require is the same as agent of perform

1518.S: Some require doctors to perform tests to prove a fetus is pre-viable and require multiple doctors to certify the findings . 
  K: If require causes certify then recipient of require is the same as agent of certify

1519.S: Some require doctors to perform tests to prove a fetus is pre-viable and require multiple doctors to certify the findings . 
  K: If perform causes certify then agent of perform is the same as agent of certify

1520.S: Some require doctors to perform tests to prove a fetus is pre-viable and require multiple doctors to certify the findings . 
  K: If require causes certify then recipient of require is the same as agent of certify

1521.S: Some require doctors to perform tests to prove a fetus is pre-viable and require multiple doctors to certify the findings . 
  K: If require causes certify then recipient of require is the same as agent of certify

1522.S: Some require doctors to perform tests to prove a fetus is pre-viable and require multiple doctors to certify the findings . 
  K: If require causes certify then recipient of require is the same as agent of certify

1523.S: The district attorney 's office , which says it is moving cautiously and waiting to amass more evidence , has established a task force that includes two veterans of the O.J. Simpson defense : law professor Barry Scheck and forensic expert Henry Lee . 
  K: If wait causes amass then agent of wait is the same as agent of amass

1524.S: The largest white party bolted , and has taken an increasingly intransigent stance toward Mandela . 
  K: If bolt causes take then agent of bolt is the same as agent of take

1525.S: Also , the National Party 's `` witch hunt '' allegations could undermine the spirit of reconciliation that the Truth Commission and coalition government were intended to foster . 
  K: If intend causes foster then recipient of intend is the same as agent of foster

1526.S: Special angle : A tabloid paid her to seduce him . 
  K: If pay causes seduce then recipient of pay is the same as agent of seduce

1527.S: The new law promised to promote competition by repealing government regulations . 
  K: If promise causes promote then agent of promise is the same as agent of promote

1528.S: Customers who want to switch phone companies must be able to keep their old phone numbers and ca n't be required to dial extra access codes . 
  K: If want causes n't require then agent of want is the same as recipient of n't require

1529.S: Customers who want to switch phone companies must be able to keep their old phone numbers and ca n't be required to dial extra access codes . 
  K: If switch causes n't require then agent of switch is the same as recipient of n't require

1530.S: Customers who want to switch phone companies must be able to keep their old phone numbers and ca n't be required to dial extra access codes . 
  K: If n't require causes dial then recipient of n't require is the same as agent of dial

1531.S: Customers who want to switch phone companies must be able to keep their old phone numbers and ca n't be required to dial extra access codes . 
  K: If n't require causes dial then recipient of n't require is the same as agent of dial

1532.S: Customers who want to switch phone companies must be able to keep their old phone numbers and ca n't be required to dial extra access codes . 
  K: If n't require causes dial then recipient of n't require is the same as agent of dial

1533.S: The drafters of the law expected these provisions to leave the Baby Bells facing a variety of competitors : wireless services , small startup local service providers , cable and utility companies -LRB- who own valuable rights of way -RRB- , other Baby Bells -- and , perhaps most importantly , long-distance companies such as AT&T . 
  K: If expect causes leave then recipient of expect is the same as agent of leave

1534.S: The act permits the Baby Bells to offer long-distance service -- something the AT&T breakup decree had forbidden -- but only after they have taken 14 specific steps to open up their own local phone markets . 
  K: If permit causes offer then recipient of permit is the same as agent of offer

1535.S: The first national apology of the 20 th century came nearly 80 years ago , when Germany was forced to sign the Treaty of Versailles following World War I . 
  K: If force causes sign then recipient of force is the same as agent of sign

1536.S: Turkish governments since 1921 have refused to admit the Armenian genocide occurred . 
  K: If refuse causes admit then agent of refuse is the same as agent of admit

1537.S: Under the plan , an interim government organized by the PLO was established to assume control of internal security and civil administration -- education , garbage collection , etc. . 
  K: If establish causes assume then recipient of establish is the same as agent of assume

1538.S: Arafat is reluctant to reprise that police action , observers say , because he believes that the threat of terrorism is the only way to force Netanyahu to restart the peace talks . 
  K: If force causes restart then recipient of force is the same as agent of restart

1539.S: Although attendance was damaged by the strike-shortened seasons of 1994 and 1995 , attendance is now approaching pre-strike levels . 
  K: If damage causes approach then recipient of damage is the same as agent of approach

1540.S: Sputnik was launched on Oct. 4 , 1957 -- the first man-made object to orbit Earth . 
  K: If launch causes orbit then recipient of launch is the same as agent of orbit

1541.S: Most skips stay within the United States -- avoiding passport-control agents , who are trained to spot them . 
  K: If avoid causes spot then recipient of avoid is the same as agent of spot

1542.S: Nor are they required to announce themselves before entering private property , as police officers must . 
  K: If require causes announce then recipient of require is the same as agent of announce

1543.S: This means they can shoot to kill if shot at . 
  K: If shoot causes kill then agent of shoot is the same as agent of kill

1544.S: Last January , Clinton ordered the Department of Education to prepare exams to test fourth-grade reading and eighth-grade math . 
  K: If order causes prepare then recipient of order is the same as agent of prepare

1545.S: Last January , Clinton ordered the Department of Education to prepare exams to test fourth-grade reading and eighth-grade math . 
  K: If prepare causes test then recipient of prepare is the same as agent of test

1546.S: By making reliable comparisons possible , the new national tests are supposed to create healthy competition among schools , giving them an incentive to improve . 
  K: If suppose causes create then recipient of suppose is the same as agent of create

1547.S: Only six states and 15 big-city school districts have agreed to give the test . 
  K: If agree causes give then agent of agree is the same as agent of give

1548.S: Other newly recruited agents were assigned to infiltrate Arab governments . 
  K: If assign causes infiltrate then recipient of assign is the same as agent of infiltrate

1549.S: Instead , Mossad has attempted to deter terrorism by assassinating terrorists . 
  K: If attempt causes deter then agent of attempt is the same as agent of deter

1550.S: Deluged traders could n't match the buy and sell orders they had . 
  K: If n't match causes sell then agent of n't match is the same as agent of sell

1551.S: Most foreign governments require local exchanges to halt the trading of stocks that have dropped drastically . 
  K: If require causes halt then recipient of require is the same as agent of halt

1552.S: 7 October : No serious market analyst believes that there is something about October that tends to spook financial markets . 
  K: If tend causes spook then agent of tend is the same as agent of spook

1553.S: The market recognized this and adjusted . 
  K: If recognize causes adjust then agent of recognize is the same as agent of adjust

1554.S: There are rumors that a cousin attempted to kill him last year . 
  K: If attempt causes kill then agent of attempt is the same as agent of kill

1555.S: White critics of integration include the neo-conservatives , former liberals who supported the civil-rights mainstream until the early '70s . 
  K: If include causes support then recipient of include is the same as agent of support

1556.S: It appears likely that an independent counsel will be appointed to investigate Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt 's handling of the affair . 
  K: If appoint causes investigate then recipient of appoint is the same as agent of investigate

1557.S: The Indian Gaming Regulatory Act -LRB- 1988 -RRB- sought to set regulatory standards and arbitrate outstanding tribe-state conflicts . 
  K: If seek causes set then agent of seek is the same as agent of set

1558.S: The textbook and computer-book markets continue to boom , but hardcover sales sag . 
  K: If continue causes boom then agent of continue is the same as agent of boom

1559.S: The paperback book emerged to tap the popular market , and mall-based chains such as Waldenbooks and B. Dalton arrived to make the book market a true mass market . 
  K: If arrive causes make then agent of arrive is the same as agent of make

1560.S: The paperback book emerged to tap the popular market , and mall-based chains such as Waldenbooks and B. Dalton arrived to make the book market a true mass market . 
  K: If tap causes make then recipient of tap is the same as recipient of make

1561.S: The paperback book emerged to tap the popular market , and mall-based chains such as Waldenbooks and B. Dalton arrived to make the book market a true mass market . 
  K: If arrive causes make then agent of arrive is the same as agent of make

1562.S: Midlist Crisis : Some charge that the conglomerates are starting to ignore the `` midlist '' book , serious nonfiction and literary fiction that sells fewer than 30,000 copies , preferring to gamble on potentially lucrative blockbusters . 
  K: If start causes ignore then agent of start is the same as agent of ignore

1563.S: His mother also admitted to habitually blocking out problems by denying their existence . 
  K: If admit causes habitually then agent of admit is the same as agent of habitually

1564.S: There are several versions of this : 1 -RRB- Hillary knows her husband is a sexaholic but overlooks his infidelity to advance her own political career . 
  K: If know causes overlook then agent of know is the same as agent of overlook

1565.S: 2 -RRB- Hillary is a prude , forcing Clinton to satisfy his sexual needs elsewhere . 
  K: If force causes satisfy then recipient of force is the same as agent of satisfy

1566.S: He purportedly told Jones , `` Well , I do n't want to make you do anything that you do n't want to do . '' 
  K: If n't want causes make then agent of n't want is the same as agent of make

1567.S: -LRB- Hill 's critics say she should have emphatically told Thomas to stop . -RRB- 
  K: If tell causes stop then recipient of tell is the same as agent of stop

1568.S: But neither man has attempted to defend the behavior he is accused of . 
  K: If attempt causes defend then agent of attempt is the same as agent of defend

1569.S: Thomas specifically and emotionally declared that Hill 's tale , if true , was repugnant and would disqualify him to sit on the Supreme Court . 
  K: If disqualify causes sit then recipient of disqualify is the same as agent of sit

1570.S: On the Linda Tripp tapes , Lewinsky allegedly says Clinton coached her to deny a relationship . 
  K: If coach causes deny then recipient of coach is the same as agent of deny

1571.S: 13 Ideological cross-dressing : Both conservatives and feminists seek to explain away their Jones-Hill flip-flop . 
  K: If seek causes explain then agent of seek is the same as agent of explain

1572.S: Hughes ' friends predicted the book would exculpate him and silence his critics . 
  K: If exculpate causes silence then agent of exculpate is the same as agent of silence

1573.S: Because Plath was especially sensitive -- the quality they say made her poetry great -- Hughes ' gallivanting belittled and destroyed her . 
  K: If belittle causes destroy then agent of belittle is the same as agent of destroy

1574.S: Some , such as Princeton Professor Elaine Showalter , say that Hughes tries to exonerate himself by arguing that Plath was fated to kill herself . 
  K: If fate causes kill then recipient of fate is the same as agent of kill

1575.S: Some , such as Princeton Professor Elaine Showalter , say that Hughes tries to exonerate himself by arguing that Plath was fated to kill herself . 
  K: If try causes exonerate then agent of try is the same as agent of exonerate

1576.S: Some of Plath 's feminist defenders say Hughes ' `` lax and digressive '' verses `` serve mostly to remind us of what a great poet she was '' -LRB- Katha Pollitt , the New York Times Book Review -RRB- . 
  K: If serve causes remind then agent of serve is the same as agent of remind

1577.S: The Clinton administration has tried to play it both ways on Kosovo . 
  K: If try causes play then agent of try is the same as agent of play

1578.S: Is a lawyer free to tell , with as much passion as he cares to muster , something he believes to be a lie ? 
  K: If care causes muster then agent of care is the same as agent of muster

1579.S: Officially , the American Bar Association 's model code of professional responsibility forbids a lawyer to `` knowingly make a false statement of law or fact . '' 
  K: If forbid causes make then recipient of forbid is the same as agent of make

1580.S: She is allowed to quit the case . 
  K: If allow causes quit then recipient of allow is the same as agent of quit

1581.S: Bennett clearly intended to communicate that his position is the same as his client 's : The Jones , Lewinsky , and Willey stories are all false . 
  K: If intend causes communicate then agent of intend is the same as agent of communicate

1582.S: This , she argues , has led these judges to discount the types of employment discrimination -- unfair promotion practice , workplace taunts , etc. -- the law was originally intended to check . 
  K: If intend causes check then recipient of intend is the same as agent of check

1583.S: The affiliates use these numbers to set ad rates . 
  K: If use causes set then recipient of use is the same as agent of set

1584.S: Thereafter when the allergen enters the body , the immunoglobulins send signals to trigger the release of a set of nasty chemicals , most notably histamines , that destroy it . 
  K: If send causes trigger then recipient of send is the same as agent of trigger

1585.S: And nobody has a clue as to why they wax and wane . 
  K: If wax causes wane then agent of wax is the same as agent of wane

1586.S: Every allergy season seems to be touted by the media as being the worst one on the books . 
  K: If seem causes tout then agent of seem is the same as recipient of tout

1587.S: The claim is that El Nio rains and mild temperatures will cause plants to be more fecund and produce more pollen . 
  K: If cause causes produce then recipient of cause is the same as agent of produce

1588.S: Theory of the Leisure System : Modern medicine and hygiene have licked most of the major problems that used to preoccupy our immune system . 
  K: If use causes preoccupy then agent of use is the same as agent of preoccupy

1589.S: And the state can exhume a body when it deems a death suspicious and improperly investigated . 
  K: If deem causes investigate then agent of deem is the same as agent of investigate

1590.S: It 's conceivable that some of these allegations are true , and there 's no harm in checking them out , as long as the decedent 's family agrees to participate . 
  K: If agree causes participate then agent of agree is the same as agent of participate

1591.S: Hale 's testimony helped persuade Janet Reno to appoint an independent counsel -- first Robert Fiske , then Starr -- to investigate . 
  K: If persuade causes appoint then recipient of persuade is the same as agent of appoint

1592.S: Hale 's testimony helped persuade Janet Reno to appoint an independent counsel -- first Robert Fiske , then Starr -- to investigate . 
  K: If appoint causes investigate then agent of appoint is the same as agent of investigate

1593.S: USPS plans to increase revenues by boosting its share of the parcel market . 
  K: If plan causes increase then agent of plan is the same as agent of increase

1594.S: This rankles the newspaper industry , which wants to protect the income it receives for delivering advertising inserts . 
  K: If rankle causes protect then recipient of rankle is the same as agent of protect

1595.S: This rankles the newspaper industry , which wants to protect the income it receives for delivering advertising inserts . 
  K: If want causes protect then agent of want is the same as agent of protect

1596.S: USPS hopes to gain some of the e-mail market by offering electronic postmarking services -- a virtual version of certified mail that will provide `` official '' confirmation of mailing and/or receipt . 
  K: If hope causes receipt then agent of hope is the same as agent of receipt

1597.S: USPS hopes to gain some of the e-mail market by offering electronic postmarking services -- a virtual version of certified mail that will provide `` official '' confirmation of mailing and/or receipt . 
  K: If gain causes receipt then agent of gain is the same as agent of receipt

1598.S: This shortage forces satellite companies to exploit all available opportunities . 
  K: If force causes exploit then recipient of force is the same as agent of exploit

1599.S: Loral says the review was meant to reassure the insurance companies that indemnify their launches on Chinese rockets . 
  K: If mean causes reassure then recipient of mean is the same as agent of reassure

1600.S: Russia has failed to develop a competitive post-communist manufacturing sector . 
  K: If fail causes develop then agent of fail is the same as agent of develop

1601.S: The problem : Nearly everyone bribes tax collectors or simply refuses to pay -LRB- of the country 's 150 million people only 4 million filed income declarations last year -RRB- . 
  K: If refuse causes pay then agent of refuse is the same as agent of pay

1602.S: Remedies : The Federal Reserve Board must drastically cut interest rates , the International Monetary Fund must continue to aid foreign countries , and Japan must reform its banking system . 
  K: If continue causes aid then agent of continue is the same as agent of aid

1603.S: Tabloids are now more prudish than network television , refusing to discuss the specifics of the Flytrap sex acts . 
  K: If refuse causes discuss then agent of refuse is the same as agent of discuss

1604.S: The magazine predicts that Intel will continue to be profitable , but advises that it take more risks . 
  K: If predict causes advise then agent of predict is the same as agent of advise

1605.S: The United States should consider campaign-spending caps and give the Federal Election Commission teeth to enforce campaign laws , the Economist writes . 
  K: If consider causes give then agent of consider is the same as agent of give

1606.S: VF pays tribute -LRB- for 25 pages ?! -RRB- to `` swinging '' London , which has recaptured its 1960s hipness : Oasis and Blur are much admired ; so is fashion enfant terrible Alexander McQueen . 
  K: If swinge causes recapture then recipient of swinge is the same as agent of recapture

1607.S: There are no salacious photos , but amazing statistics abound : U.S. producers churn out 150 new porn videos a year ; actresses earn $ 300 per sex scene and try to shoot two a day ; an $ 8,000 movie can net more than $ 200,000 . 
  K: If try causes shoot then agent of try is the same as agent of shoot

1608.S: The New Yorker , Feb. 10 -LRB- posted Tuesday , Feb. 4 -RRB- Federal Appeals Court Judge -LRB- and former Slate `` Diary '' author -RRB- Alex Kozinski writes about how it feels to deny a death-penalty appeal . 
  K: If feel causes deny then agent of feel is the same as agent of deny

1609.S: The Nation , meanwhile , tries to save public education . 
  K: If try causes save then agent of try is the same as agent of save

1610.S: And an article tries to explain why the Euro -LRB- Europe 's unified currency -RRB- matters . 
  K: If try causes explain then agent of try is the same as agent of explain

1611.S: A story describes the West Indian island of Montserrat , where a long-dormant volcano is threatening to erupt . 
  K: If threaten causes erupt then agent of threaten is the same as agent of erupt

1612.S: VF pays tribute -LRB- for 25 pages ?! -RRB- to `` swinging '' London , which has recaptured its 1960s hipness : Oasis and Blur are much admired ; so is fashion enfant terrible Alexander McQueen . 
  K: If swinge causes recapture then recipient of swinge is the same as agent of recapture

1613.S: Gingrich 's own mood swings prompt one anonymous GOP congressman to quip that `` a good dose of antidepressants might help , if he is n't on them already . '' 
  K: If prompt causes quip then recipient of prompt is the same as agent of quip

1614.S: ... Can anyone doubt that if Bill Clinton had Oval Office tapes , he would expect Bruce Lindsey to burn them ? '' 
  K: If expect causes burn then recipient of expect is the same as agent of burn

1615.S: Its answer : He 's bullied and prodded the Legislature to cut taxes and spending . 
  K: If prod causes cut then recipient of prod is the same as agent of cut

1616.S: A Jewish writer visits the Southern Baptists who are trying to convert Jews : He is appalled by their aggressiveness . 
  K: If try causes convert then agent of try is the same as agent of convert

1617.S: Also , an essay on why modernist literature is so tedious -LRB- Henry James is singled out : `` Does anyone like to read him ? '' -RRB- . 
  K: If like causes read then agent of like is the same as agent of read

1618.S: An article observes `` coolhunters , '' the hipster consultants who are hired by clueless clothing and shoe manufacturers to find the next big thing . 
  K: If observe causes find then recipient of observe is the same as agent of find

1619.S: Among the outrages cited : Legislators selling bills and lobbyists writing bills . 
  K: If sell causes write then recipient of sell is the same as recipient of write

1620.S: `` Elders on Ice '' observes the twilight careers of New York Rangers Wayne Gretzky and Mark Messier : The `` greatest player ever '' and the `` most-driven player ever '' are past their prime , but still know how to win . 
  K: If know causes win then agent of know is the same as agent of win

1621.S: `` Elders on Ice '' observes the twilight careers of New York Rangers Wayne Gretzky and Mark Messier : The `` greatest player ever '' and the `` most-driven player ever '' are past their prime , but still know how to win . 
  K: If know causes win then agent of know is the same as agent of win

1622.S: The author grows his own opium poppies , and wonders if he 's going to be prosecuted . 
  K: If go causes prosecute then agent of go is the same as recipient of prosecute

1623.S: The cover story compares various international education test scores and concludes that teaching methods -- not funding , class size , or culture -- determine student performance . 
  K: If compare causes conclude then agent of compare is the same as agent of conclude

1624.S: An editorial and article advise Netanyahu and Peres to form a coalition government . 
  K: If advise causes form then recipient of advise is the same as agent of form

1625.S: She advises passengers to avoid old planes and start-up airlines , and to sit near emergency exits . 
  K: If avoid causes sit then agent of avoid is the same as agent of sit

1626.S: Also , kids and AIDS : Doctors do n't know what medicines -LRB- and dosages -RRB- to prescribe . 
  K: If medicine causes prescribe then agent of medicine is the same as agent of prescribe

1627.S: The author grows his own opium poppies , and wonders if he 's going to be prosecuted . 
  K: If go causes prosecute then agent of go is the same as recipient of prosecute

1628.S: But the Economist is uncertain whether Western pressure can persuade China to mend its ways . 
  K: If persuade causes mend then recipient of persuade is the same as agent of mend

1629.S: New Republic , April 28 -LRB- posted Friday , April 11 -RRB- Republicans hesitate to dump Newt Gingrich because his potential successors would be worse , argues the cover story , `` The Men Who Would Be Newt . '' 
  K: If hesitate causes dump then agent of hesitate is the same as agent of dump

1630.S: `` Backlash Against HMOs '' describes how doctors , patients , unions , and government are banding together to fight restrictive HMO rules . 
  K: If band causes fight then agent of band is the same as agent of fight

1631.S: And a peculiar bit of newsmagazine amity : Newsweek 's art critic profiles and praises Time 's art critic , Robert Hughes , who is narrating a PBS series on American art . 
  K: If profile causes praise then agent of profile is the same as agent of praise

1632.S: And an article describes the peculiar National Liberation Army , which seeks to overthrow the fundamentalist government of Iran . 
  K: If describe causes seek then recipient of describe is the same as agent of seek

1633.S: And an article describes the peculiar National Liberation Army , which seeks to overthrow the fundamentalist government of Iran . 
  K: If seek causes overthrow then agent of seek is the same as agent of overthrow

1634.S: Weekly Standard , April 21 -LRB- posted Tuesday , April 15 -RRB- The editorial advises Congress not to renew China 's MFN status . 
  K: If advise causes not renew then recipient of advise is the same as agent of not renew

1635.S: His `` Ex-Wife-to-Be '' contributes an opposing view : She writes that she 's lonelier and more regretful than she ever imagined she could be . 
  K: If write causes imagine then agent of write is the same as agent of imagine

1636.S: A story advises Americans not to take health warnings too seriously . 
  K: If advise causes not take then recipient of advise is the same as agent of not take

1637.S: Also , the Tiger Woods moment continues , as both magazines use the golfer to celebrate multiracialism . 
  K: If use causes celebrate then recipient of use is the same as agent of celebrate

1638.S: Parents , especially fathers , ignore family friendly policies because they do n't want to hurt their careers . 
  K: If n't want causes hurt then agent of n't want is the same as agent of hurt

1639.S: An article claims that liberals are the new `` Confederacy '' because they deny American national identity and want to classify everyone on racial lines . 
  K: If want causes classify then agent of want is the same as agent of classify

1640.S: Salinger drives by , but does n't speak . 
  K: If drive causes n't speak then agent of drive is the same as agent of n't speak

1641.S: The bleak prognosis : Haitians do n't trust cops , and the new officers have done little so far to remedy this . 
  K: If do causes remedy then agent of do is the same as agent of remedy

1642.S: The bleak prognosis : Haitians do n't trust cops , and the new officers have done little so far to remedy this . 
  K: If do causes remedy then agent of do is the same as agent of remedy

1643.S: The bleak prognosis : Haitians do n't trust cops , and the new officers have done little so far to remedy this . 
  K: If do causes remedy then agent of do is the same as agent of remedy

1644.S: A piece concludes that immigration both benefits and harms Americans : Low-skilled immigrants drive down wages , but high-skilled immigrants increase productivity . 
  K: If drive causes increase then agent of drive is the same as agent of increase

1645.S: A piece concludes that immigration both benefits and harms Americans : Low-skilled immigrants drive down wages , but high-skilled immigrants increase productivity . 
  K: If drive causes increase then agent of drive is the same as agent of increase

1646.S: Naipaul warns that the country may succumb to `` nihilism . '' 
  K: If succumb causes nihilism then agent of succumb is the same as agent of nihilism

1647.S: Newsweek 's cover story , `` The Day the World Crashes , '' predicts disaster on Jan. 1 , 2000 , when computer clocks will fail to recognize the year 2000 . 
  K: If fail causes recognize then agent of fail is the same as agent of recognize

1648.S: U.S. News berates computer users for picking obvious , easily cracked passwords and chastises system administrators for ignoring basic security precautions . 
  K: If berate causes chastise then agent of berate is the same as agent of chastise

1649.S: The causes : worse traffic ; pugnacious immigrant drivers ; and sport-utility vehicles , which make drivers feel impervious . 
  K: If pugnacious causes make then recipient of pugnacious is the same as agent of make

1650.S: Flinn was wrong to have committed adultery and lied , but she deserves sympathy , says Time . 
  K: If commit causes lie then agent of commit is the same as agent of lie

1651.S: Salinger drives by , but does n't speak . 
  K: If drive causes n't speak then agent of drive is the same as agent of n't speak

1652.S: The editorial laments that the treaty 's `` misguided '' fiscal targets have harmed the `` great opportunity that the single currency might have been '' and argues that they should be revised immediately . 
  K: If lament causes argue then agent of lament is the same as agent of argue

1653.S: An accompanying column frets that we are embarrassing ourselves by dumping the worst of American culture -LRB- `` Rambo-esque violence and Disney-esque sentimentality '' -RRB- on foreign markets that enjoy having negative American stereotypes confirmed . 
  K: If enjoy causes confirm then agent of enjoy is the same as agent of confirm

1654.S: An accompanying column frets that we are embarrassing ourselves by dumping the worst of American culture -LRB- `` Rambo-esque violence and Disney-esque sentimentality '' -RRB- on foreign markets that enjoy having negative American stereotypes confirmed . 
  K: If enjoy causes confirm then agent of enjoy is the same as agent of confirm

1655.S: An accompanying column frets that we are embarrassing ourselves by dumping the worst of American culture -LRB- `` Rambo-esque violence and Disney-esque sentimentality '' -RRB- on foreign markets that enjoy having negative American stereotypes confirmed . 
  K: If enjoy causes confirm then agent of enjoy is the same as agent of confirm

1656.S: An accompanying column frets that we are embarrassing ourselves by dumping the worst of American culture -LRB- `` Rambo-esque violence and Disney-esque sentimentality '' -RRB- on foreign markets that enjoy having negative American stereotypes confirmed . 
  K: If enjoy causes confirm then agent of enjoy is the same as agent of confirm

1657.S: An accompanying column frets that we are embarrassing ourselves by dumping the worst of American culture -LRB- `` Rambo-esque violence and Disney-esque sentimentality '' -RRB- on foreign markets that enjoy having negative American stereotypes confirmed . 
  K: If enjoy causes confirm then agent of enjoy is the same as agent of confirm

1658.S: The gist : The president 's advisers and insurers want him to settle the case , because no matter what the outcome , pretrial discovery would be humiliating . 
  K: If want causes settle then recipient of want is the same as agent of settle

1659.S: The cheerful cover story and editorial observe that economies are growing across sub-Saharan Africa , commend the tough fiscal and free-market policies of new leaders , and urge the United States and Europe to lift tariffs on African exports . 
  K: If urge causes lift then recipient of urge is the same as agent of lift

1660.S: Instead of finding scapegoats , they now encourage doctors and nurses to admit mistakes -LRB- no punishment attached -RRB- in order to prevent future ones . 
  K: If encourage causes admit then recipient of encourage is the same as agent of admit

1661.S: Newsweek 's package of stories on the military-and-adultery mess praises Defense Secretary William Cohen 's effort to end the witch hunt , but faults him for defending Gen. Joseph Ralston and not a lower-ranking officer . 
  K: If praise causes fault then agent of praise is the same as agent of fault

1662.S: The federal government has seized the bones and forbidden further scientific examination . 
  K: If seize causes forbid then agent of seize is the same as agent of forbid

1663.S: The Nation , June 23 -LRB- posted Tuesday , June 10 -RRB- Computer databases make too much data available too easily , so the government must intervene to protect Internet privacy , argues the cover story . 
  K: If intervene causes protect then agent of intervene is the same as agent of protect

1664.S: Should human eggs be bought and sold ? 
  K: If buy causes sell then recipient of buy is the same as recipient of sell

1665.S: An article contends that China 's behavior toward Hong Kong proves the failure of Clinton 's `` constructive engagement '' policy , which holds that China will become more democratic as it becomes more capitalistic : By gutting the Joint Declaration , China proves that it will never allow democracy to flourish , even if it lets capitalism flourish . 
  K: If never allow causes flourish then recipient of never allow is the same as agent of flourish

1666.S: The magazines compete to publish the gushiest James Stewart obituary -LRB- Time headline : `` A Wonderful Fella '' ; Newsweek headline : `` The All American Hero '' -RRB- . 
  K: If compete causes publish then agent of compete is the same as agent of publish

1667.S: This sea change has infuriated the government , which battled the referendum . 
  K: If infuriate causes battle then recipient of infuriate is the same as agent of battle

1668.S: His double burden : Management does n't want to address the issue , and many of his fellow factory workers are violently homophobic -LRB- literally -RRB- . 
  K: If n't want causes address then agent of n't want is the same as agent of address

1669.S: A Galpagos travelogue/essay says that Darwin 's curiosity and enthusiasm enabled him to make sense of the peculiar islands ' ecology . 
  K: If enable causes make then recipient of enable is the same as agent of make

1670.S: Church membership is approaching 10 million and is growing faster than most other religions ' . 
  K: If approach causes grow then agent of approach is the same as agent of grow

1671.S: Consumers of hair ointments , `` systems , '' and surgeries must continue to pay to maintain their new growth . 
  K: If continue causes pay then agent of continue is the same as agent of pay

1672.S: Consumers of hair ointments , `` systems , '' and surgeries must continue to pay to maintain their new growth . 
  K: If pay causes maintain then agent of pay is the same as agent of maintain

1673.S: The bureau concentrates its energies on convicting thousands of drug dealers and bank robbers -LRB- who should be chased by local authorities -RRB- , but mostly ignores white-collar crime . 
  K: If concentrate causes ignore then agent of concentrate is the same as agent of ignore

1674.S: Latest bit of good news : Aspirin now seems to prevent bowel cancer , in addition to relieving pain , quelling inflammation , and preventing strokes and heart attacks . 
  K: If seem causes prevent then agent of seem is the same as agent of prevent

1675.S: Paula Jones ' lawyers have subpoenaed Willey to establish Clinton 's `` pattern of behavior . '' 
  K: If subpoena causes establish then recipient of subpoena is the same as agent of establish

1676.S: Recent economic liberalization has started to improve living standards , but the editors urge the government to privatize and deregulate faster . 
  K: If urge causes deregulate then recipient of urge is the same as agent of deregulate

1677.S: Recent economic liberalization has started to improve living standards , but the editors urge the government to privatize and deregulate faster . 
  K: If urge causes deregulate then recipient of urge is the same as agent of deregulate

1678.S: Recent economic liberalization has started to improve living standards , but the editors urge the government to privatize and deregulate faster . 
  K: If urge causes deregulate then recipient of urge is the same as agent of deregulate

1679.S: An article profiles best-selling guru Dr. Andrew Weil , who 's trying to persuade the mainstream medical establishment to accept alternative health care . 
  K: If profile causes persuade then recipient of profile is the same as agent of persuade

1680.S: An article profiles best-selling guru Dr. Andrew Weil , who 's trying to persuade the mainstream medical establishment to accept alternative health care . 
  K: If try causes persuade then agent of try is the same as agent of persuade

1681.S: An article profiles best-selling guru Dr. Andrew Weil , who 's trying to persuade the mainstream medical establishment to accept alternative health care . 
  K: If persuade causes accept then recipient of persuade is the same as agent of accept

1682.S: An article profiles best-selling guru Dr. Andrew Weil , who 's trying to persuade the mainstream medical establishment to accept alternative health care . 
  K: If persuade causes accept then recipient of persuade is the same as agent of accept

1683.S: Even worse news : Bottom-line-obsessed universities wo n't challenge this complacency because they ca n't afford to offend their paying customers . 
  K: If n't afford causes offend then agent of n't afford is the same as agent of offend

1684.S: The author contends that philosophy , art , and literature are empowering , because they teach the disenfranchised how to challenge the elite without violence . 
  K: If teach causes challenge then recipient of teach is the same as agent of challenge

1685.S: The eccentric mayor ignores corruption , but effectively micromanages Moscow 's building boom . 
  K: If ignore causes micromanages then agent of ignore is the same as agent of micromanages

1686.S: Even worse news : Bottom-line-obsessed universities wo n't challenge this complacency because they ca n't afford to offend their paying customers . 
  K: If n't afford causes offend then agent of n't afford is the same as agent of offend

1687.S: The author contends that philosophy , art , and literature are empowering , because they teach the disenfranchised how to challenge the elite without violence . 
  K: If teach causes challenge then recipient of teach is the same as agent of challenge

1688.S: It also advises Charles ' paramour , Camilla Parker Bowles , to avoid publicity until the Diana fuss subsides . 
  K: If advise causes avoid then recipient of advise is the same as agent of avoid

1689.S: The United States has failed to improve living conditions or uphold the authority of President Ren Preval . 
  K: If fail causes uphold then agent of fail is the same as agent of uphold

1690.S: Scientists want to determine the cause of the flu 's potency -LRB- it killed more Americans than World Wars I and II , Korea , and Vietnam combined -RRB- and prevent future epidemics . 
  K: If want causes prevent then agent of want is the same as agent of prevent

1691.S: He is baffled to find that conservatives are incredibly nice . 
  K: If baffle causes find then recipient of baffle is the same as agent of find

1692.S: ... I have n't been able to change 'em , and I do n't have the personnel if I could change 'em . 
  K: If change causes change then agent of change is the same as agent of change

1693.S: ... I have n't been able to change 'em , and I do n't have the personnel if I could change 'em . 
  K: If change causes change then recipient of change is the same as recipient of change

1694.S: He once threatened to withhold MFN ; now he engages China through trade . 
  K: If threaten causes withhold then agent of threaten is the same as agent of withhold

1695.S: New , incredibly popular `` antibacterial '' products rely on fear to boost sales , yet are largely ineffective in fighting bacteria . 
  K: If rely causes boost then agent of rely is the same as agent of boost

1696.S: `` TRB '' urges liberals to embrace school vouchers . 
  K: If urge causes embrace then recipient of urge is the same as agent of embrace

1697.S: Another editorial urges Japan to legalize oral contraceptives . 
  K: If urge causes legalize then recipient of urge is the same as agent of legalize

1698.S: Southwest plans to invade the New York market next year . 
  K: If plan causes invade then agent of plan is the same as agent of invade

1699.S: ... School-board candidates have been known to run on the single issue of firing the local basketball coach . '' 
  K: If know causes run then recipient of know is the same as agent of run

1700.S: Moore reads Joan Didion and owns nothing but a Volvo . 
  K: If read causes own then agent of read is the same as agent of own

1701.S: Republicans win if they promise to cut taxes . 
  K: If promise causes cut then agent of promise is the same as agent of cut

1702.S: It argues that birth rates are falling across the world , and populations will soon begin to shrink . 
  K: If begin causes shrink then agent of begin is the same as agent of shrink

1703.S: It argues that birth rates are falling across the world , and populations will soon begin to shrink . 
  K: If begin causes shrink then agent of begin is the same as agent of shrink

1704.S: It argues that birth rates are falling across the world , and populations will soon begin to shrink . 
  K: If begin causes shrink then agent of begin is the same as agent of shrink

1705.S: Blumenthal 's lawsuit may well ruin Drudge and threaten Internet free speech . 
  K: If ruin causes threaten then agent of ruin is the same as agent of threaten

1706.S: Blumenthal 's lawsuit may well ruin Drudge and threaten Internet free speech . 
  K: If ruin causes threaten then agent of ruin is the same as agent of threaten

1707.S: A profile salutes pathological downsizer `` Chainsaw '' Al Dunlap for having the guts to fire workers in order to turn companies around . 
  K: If have causes fire then recipient of have is the same as agent of fire

1708.S: But Atlanta Braves owner and Murdoch rival Ted Turner may try to block approval of Murdoch 's $ 311-million Dodgers bid . 
  K: If try causes block then agent of try is the same as agent of block

1709.S: It agrees that Gore 's outer robotic-ness masks a warm jocularity , but argues that the warm jocularity itself masks Gore 's fundamental emotional coolness . 
  K: If mask causes mask then recipient of mask is the same as agent of mask

1710.S: He hopes to direct Carnegie money toward some of his interests : campaign-finance reform , immigration , the future of Russia , and the aging of America . 
  K: If hope causes direct then agent of hope is the same as agent of direct

1711.S: Also , a piece urges the media to cease their negative portrayal of Asian-Americans . 
  K: If urge causes cease then recipient of urge is the same as agent of cease

1712.S: Drug traffickers and narcopoliticians are buying police forces and murdering nosy journalists . 
  K: If buy causes murder then agent of buy is the same as agent of murder

1713.S: His manuscript needs editing -- the parts that are n't genius are wooden -- and he refuses to be edited . 
  K: If refuse causes edit then agent of refuse is the same as recipient of edit

1714.S: His manuscript needs editing -- the parts that are n't genius are wooden -- and he refuses to be edited . 
  K: If refuse causes edit then agent of refuse is the same as recipient of edit

1715.S: His manuscript needs editing -- the parts that are n't genius are wooden -- and he refuses to be edited . 
  K: If refuse causes edit then agent of refuse is the same as recipient of edit

1716.S: The recession it 's supposed to prevent might never have happened , and rescuing financiers who make mistakes encourages them to make the same errors again . 
  K: If encourage causes make then recipient of encourage is the same as agent of make

1717.S: The recession it 's supposed to prevent might never have happened , and rescuing financiers who make mistakes encourages them to make the same errors again . 
  K: If encourage causes make then recipient of encourage is the same as agent of make

1718.S: The recession it 's supposed to prevent might never have happened , and rescuing financiers who make mistakes encourages them to make the same errors again . 
  K: If encourage causes make then recipient of encourage is the same as agent of make

1719.S: The recession it 's supposed to prevent might never have happened , and rescuing financiers who make mistakes encourages them to make the same errors again . 
  K: If encourage causes make then recipient of encourage is the same as agent of make

1720.S: -LRB- Iraq 's new tourism slogan : `` From Nebuchadnezzar to Saddam Hussein , 2,400 years of peace and prosperity . '' -RRB- 
  K: If slogan causes Saddam_Hussein then recipient of slogan is the same as agent of Saddam_Hussein

1721.S: `` Dining In , '' `` Fine Arts , '' etc. , help advertisers more than readers , and make the paper unwieldy to read . 
  K: If unwieldy causes read then agent of unwieldy is the same as agent of read

1722.S: Economist , Jan. 17 -LRB- posted Saturday , Jan. 17 -RRB- The cover editorial urges the United States to lift its embargo on Cuba . 
  K: If urge causes lift then recipient of urge is the same as agent of lift

1723.S: Aki Kaurismaki hates Hollywood and directs sly , funny films . 
  K: If hate causes direct then agent of hate is the same as agent of direct

1724.S: New Republic , Feb. 2 -LRB- posted Friday , Jan. 16 -RRB- The cover story uses the trial of former Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy to slam the proliferation of picayune ethics laws . 
  K: If use causes slam then recipient of use is the same as agent of slam

1725.S: His weekly silence annoys some but affords him `` flashes of clarity . '' 
  K: If annoy causes afford then agent of annoy is the same as agent of afford

1726.S: Callers , overwhelmingly poor people of color , think their lives are entirely pre-scripted and want to be told what to do . 
  K: If want causes tell then agent of want is the same as recipient of tell

1727.S: `` Dining In , '' `` Fine Arts , '' etc. , help advertisers more than readers , and make the paper unwieldy to read . 
  K: If unwieldy causes read then agent of unwieldy is the same as agent of read

1728.S: 2 -RRB- Clinton is also tempted by the chance to blow the budget surplus on social spending -- the Economist hopes he 'll refrain . 
  K: If tempt causes blow then recipient of tempt is the same as agent of blow

1729.S: He has reservations , but wants to help the afflicted . 
  K: If want causes help then agent of want is the same as agent of help

1730.S: ... The cover story lionizes Chuck Close , who manages to paint astonishing Pointillist portraits despite near-total paralysis . 
  K: If lionize causes paint then recipient of lionize is the same as agent of paint

1731.S: ... The cover story lionizes Chuck Close , who manages to paint astonishing Pointillist portraits despite near-total paralysis . 
  K: If manage causes paint then agent of manage is the same as agent of paint

1732.S: A piece urges Republicans to use this time of Clinton paralysis to push through their agenda , especially a ban on partial-birth abortions and a tax cut . 
  K: If urge causes use then recipient of urge is the same as agent of use

1733.S: New Republic , Feb. 23 -LRB- posted Friday , Feb. 6 -RRB- The cover package reiterates TNR 's line that the United States should try to overthrow Saddam Hussein . 
  K: If try causes overthrow then agent of try is the same as agent of overthrow

1734.S: Unless China manages to dismantle its gigantic , interfering bureaucracy -LRB- which is unlikely -RRB- , it too will face economic disaster . 
  K: If manage causes dismantle then agent of manage is the same as agent of dismantle

1735.S: A second piece berates Gore for supporting affirmative action and accuses him of grossly distorting the views of affirmative-action opponents . 
  K: If berate causes accuse then agent of berate is the same as agent of accuse

1736.S: Scientists have already figured out how to give a fruit fly a photographic memory by manipulating a genetic switch called CREB . 
  K: If figure causes give then agent of figure is the same as agent of give

1737.S: Newsweek says Nagano wants to stage a humble `` Zen '' Olympics , avoiding the glitz of Atlanta 's 1996 games . 
  K: If want causes stage then agent of want is the same as agent of stage

1738.S: An article warns Americans not to gloat over Japan 's economic woes : We need a strong Japan to keep the world economy stable . 
  K: If warn causes not gloat then recipient of warn is the same as agent of not gloat

1739.S: Hamilton admitted to adultery , proving his essential honesty , and maintained his political popularity ; Clinton , however , is a baldfaced liar . 
  K: If admit causes adultery then agent of admit is the same as agent of adultery

1740.S: New ideas -LRB- 3-D-graphic modeling -RRB- earn millions and render old ideas -LRB- 2-D-graphic modeling -RRB- instantly worthless . 
  K: If earn causes render then agent of earn is the same as agent of render

1741.S: New ideas -LRB- 3-D-graphic modeling -RRB- earn millions and render old ideas -LRB- 2-D-graphic modeling -RRB- instantly worthless . 
  K: If earn causes render then agent of earn is the same as recipient of render

1742.S: Alabamians -- 77 percent of whom favor school prayer -- are outraged by the legal meddling , none more than Gov. Fob James Jr. , a dynamite-fishing good old boy who believes that states are allowed to establish religion . 
  K: If allow causes establish then recipient of allow is the same as agent of establish

1743.S: Thyroid problems can be hard to detect and can cause severe , unexplained depression . 
  K: If detect causes cause then agent of detect is the same as agent of cause

1744.S: ... A story says GOP leaders are itching to start impeachment hearings once Kenneth Starr finishes his investigation . 
  K: If itch causes start then agent of itch is the same as agent of start

1745.S: They just need a few Democratic votes so they can claim bipartisan support . 
  K: If need causes claim then agent of need is the same as agent of claim

1746.S: Ted Kaczynski 's lawyers , family , psychiatrists , and trial judge refused to take his anarchist , anti-technology ideas seriously . 
  K: If refuse causes take then agent of refuse is the same as agent of take

1747.S: U.S. News offers tips to cut costs -LRB- do n't die -RRB- , and covers a growing movement : do-it-yourself embalming and burial . 
  K: If offer causes cut then recipient of offer is the same as agent of cut

1748.S: ... An article attempts to explain William Shawn , the late , lamented , longtime editor of The New Yorker . 
  K: If attempt causes explain then agent of attempt is the same as agent of explain

1749.S: A pro-Clinton group called Patriotic Profits hopes to block the exploitation . 
  K: If hope causes block then agent of hope is the same as agent of block

1750.S: Newsweek 's cover focuses more on America 's gun culture but prefers to pronounce this a `` senseless tragedy . '' 
  K: If focus causes prefer then agent of focus is the same as agent of prefer

1751.S: Newsweek 's cover focuses more on America 's gun culture but prefers to pronounce this a `` senseless tragedy . '' 
  K: If prefer causes pronounce then agent of prefer is the same as agent of pronounce

1752.S: Classical stations now use market research to determine playlists . 
  K: If use causes determine then recipient of use is the same as agent of determine

1753.S: They 're angry and they 're not going to take it anymore . 
  K: If not go causes take then agent of not go is the same as agent of take

1754.S: His design so subtly integrates its additions that it hardly seems to change the existing site . 
  K: If seem causes change then agent of seem is the same as agent of change

1755.S: ... An essay urges New Yorkers to adopt pro-civility measures instituted by the mayor of Bogot , Colombia . 
  K: If urge causes adopt then recipient of urge is the same as agent of adopt

1756.S: It drastically reduces breast cancer rates but increases the chance of blood clots and uterine cancer . 
  K: If reduce causes increase then agent of reduce is the same as agent of increase

1757.S: Time says Excite is trying to challenge Yahoo ! 
  K: If try causes challenge then agent of try is the same as agent of challenge

1758.S: Both companies want to provide news , shopping , chat rooms , and entertainment . 
  K: If want causes provide then agent of want is the same as agent of provide

1759.S: Russian leaders must continue to fight the temptations of nationalism . 
  K: If continue causes fight then agent of continue is the same as agent of fight

1760.S: The Nation , April 27 -LRB- posted Tuesday , April 14 -RRB- The cover story identifies the latest drug to endanger kids : caffeine . 
  K: If identify causes endanger then recipient of identify is the same as agent of endanger

1761.S: Caffeine makes kids hyperactive and moody and can weaken their bones . 
  K: If make causes weaken then agent of make is the same as agent of weaken

1762.S: Our roads are congested not because we lack alternative transportation , but because we lack superhighways and connecting roads . 
  K: If lack causes lack then agent of lack is the same as agent of lack

1763.S: Infrared cameras then use the temperature difference to find the buried explosives . 
  K: If use causes find then recipient of use is the same as agent of find

1764.S: The tax 1 -RRB- is regressive ; 2 -RRB- wo n't reduce teen smoking ; and 3 -RRB- wo n't be used to aid those who will disproportionately pay it . 
  K: If n't use causes aid then recipient of n't use is the same as agent of aid

1765.S: While higher cigarette taxes do n't convince the poor to stop smoking , studies have shown that a fat tax could convince them to buy less junk food . 
  K: If convince causes buy then recipient of convince is the same as agent of buy

1766.S: While higher cigarette taxes do n't convince the poor to stop smoking , studies have shown that a fat tax could convince them to buy less junk food . 
  K: If convince causes buy then recipient of convince is the same as agent of buy

1767.S: While higher cigarette taxes do n't convince the poor to stop smoking , studies have shown that a fat tax could convince them to buy less junk food . 
  K: If convince causes buy then recipient of convince is the same as agent of buy

1768.S: Just one lawsuit can empty a firm 's coffers and cripple its reputation . 
  K: If empty causes cripple then agent of empty is the same as agent of cripple

1769.S: The author urges both sides to admit defeat and move on . 
  K: If urge causes admit then recipient of urge is the same as agent of admit

1770.S: Give them lots of affection : They need it even though they pretend to hate it . 
  K: If need causes pretend then agent of need is the same as agent of pretend

1771.S: Give them lots of affection : They need it even though they pretend to hate it . 
  K: If pretend causes hate then agent of pretend is the same as agent of hate

1772.S: 13-year-old Latino gang member : `` I ai n't down to die right now , for I 'm barely having fun . 
  K: If die causes have then agent of die is the same as agent of have

1773.S: I do n't want to die right now . '' 
  K: If n't want causes die then agent of n't want is the same as agent of die

1774.S: New Republic , June 8 -LRB- posted Friday , May 22 , 1998 -RRB- A cover package debunks the conventional wisdom that the high-tech industry does n't know how to play the Washington game . 
  K: If n't know causes play then agent of n't know is the same as agent of play

1775.S: It pays former Republican National Committee Chairman Haley Barbour $ 600,000 a year and employs a slew of ex-congressmen . 
  K: If pay causes employ then agent of pay is the same as agent of employ

1776.S: Once governor of the entire state , Brown now seeks to fix potholes . 
  K: If seek causes fix then agent of seek is the same as agent of fix

1777.S: The brides -LRB- most of them Filipinas -RRB- marry to escape poverty . 
  K: If marry causes escape then agent of marry is the same as agent of escape

1778.S: Thieves steal your Social Security number to gain loans and charge cards . 
  K: If steal causes gain then recipient of steal is the same as agent of gain

1779.S: A sidebar applauds Dr. Drew Pinsky , who dispenses sensible sex info and advice on MTV 's popular Loveline . 
  K: If applaud causes dispense then recipient of applaud is the same as agent of dispense

1780.S: Goldstone finally decided a settlement did n't make fiscal sense and that he 'll continue to manufacture cigarettes until tobacco itself is illegal . 
  K: If continue causes manufacture then agent of continue is the same as agent of manufacture

1781.S: Goldstone finally decided a settlement did n't make fiscal sense and that he 'll continue to manufacture cigarettes until tobacco itself is illegal . 
  K: If continue causes manufacture then agent of continue is the same as agent of manufacture

1782.S: Some HIV patients quit drug regimens and find their immune systems , having been bolstered by the drugs , are suddenly able to fight the virus without help . 
  K: If quit causes find then agent of quit is the same as agent of find

1783.S: When her boyfriend finally told them to stop bothering her , one of Leo 's posse sucker-punched him . 
  K: If tell causes stop then recipient of tell is the same as agent of stop

1784.S: Tensions are escalating over Taiwan 's independence , and we will be forced to take sides . 
  K: If force causes take then recipient of force is the same as agent of take

1785.S: Tensions are escalating over Taiwan 's independence , and we will be forced to take sides . 
  K: If force causes take then recipient of force is the same as agent of take

1786.S: The Thomasons hate the press and the Washington establishment and encourage the Clintons to do the same . 
  K: If hate causes encourage then agent of hate is the same as agent of encourage

1787.S: Conclusion : Vaccine research should stop focusing so much on antibody-based vaccines and should consider cellular immunity . 
  K: If stop causes consider then agent of stop is the same as agent of consider

1788.S: China continues to focus on economic rather than military growth . 
  K: If continue causes focus then agent of continue is the same as agent of focus

1789.S: She 's eccentric and demanding -LRB- she regularly fires staff -RRB- , but she 's expected to win the Democratic nomination . 
  K: If expect causes win then recipient of expect is the same as agent of win

1790.S: She 's eccentric and demanding -LRB- she regularly fires staff -RRB- , but she 's expected to win the Democratic nomination . 
  K: If expect causes win then recipient of expect is the same as agent of win

1791.S: She 's eccentric and demanding -LRB- she regularly fires staff -RRB- , but she 's expected to win the Democratic nomination . 
  K: If expect causes win then recipient of expect is the same as agent of win

1792.S: Despite his centrist stance , Gore has managed to enlist the support of labor leaders and progressives -- essential to winning the nomination . 
  K: If manage causes enlist then agent of manage is the same as agent of enlist

1793.S: Rubin obsessively uses probabilities to weigh and reweigh the risks and rewards of every decision . 
  K: If use causes reweigh then recipient of use is the same as agent of reweigh

1794.S: ... An essay urges Republicans to lighten up . 
  K: If urge causes lighten then recipient of urge is the same as agent of lighten

1795.S: ... An article mocks the sophisticated models that economists are now building to predict the next currency crashes . 
  K: If build causes predict then agent of build is the same as agent of predict

1796.S: ... Astronaut Alan Shepard 's death spurs Newsweek to profile the 12 men who have walked on the moon . 
  K: If spur causes profile then recipient of spur is the same as agent of profile

1797.S: We need to teach them the real male values : heroism and honor . 
  K: If need causes teach then agent of need is the same as agent of teach

1798.S: 2 -RRB- Salinger 's New Agey wellness mania led him to purge after eating unhealthy foods . 
  K: If lead causes purge then recipient of lead is the same as agent of purge

1799.S: Teen-age girls are taking them to improve performance and win college athletic scholarships . 
  K: If take causes win then recipient of take is the same as agent of win

1800.S: Teen-age girls are taking them to improve performance and win college athletic scholarships . 
  K: If improve causes win then agent of improve is the same as agent of win

1801.S: Leader Hun Sen ignores election results and intimidates his people but still has U.N. support . 
  K: If ignore causes intimidate then agent of ignore is the same as agent of intimidate

1802.S: It does n't take a huge telescope or federal funding to make important discoveries -- it just takes patience and luck . 
  K: If n't take causes make then recipient of n't take is the same as agent of make

1803.S: Space travel mimics the effects of aging -LRB- bone weakening , sleep disruption , etc. -RRB- , and NASA wants to know if a 77-year-old astronaut will suffer the same disabilities . 
  K: If want causes know then agent of want is the same as agent of know

1804.S: It also notes the rise of `` cushion-shot terrorism '' : Terrorists increasingly attack peripheral targets , because major targets are too well protected . 
  K: If attack causes protect then recipient of attack is the same as recipient of protect

1805.S: Children tend to resemble parents only because they share genes , not because they are influenced by them . 
  K: If share causes influence then agent of share is the same as recipient of influence

1806.S: Alan Greenspan must stop merely warning and start acting , raising interest rates enough to stop the market euphoria . 
  K: If stop causes start then agent of stop is the same as agent of start

1807.S: A recession is inevitable , and we need Fed intervention to ensure it 's a mild one . 
  K: If need causes ensure then recipient of need is the same as agent of ensure

1808.S: Instead , he liked to discuss `` Hannah Arendt 's sex life '' and other literary gossip . 
  K: If like causes discuss then agent of like is the same as agent of discuss

1809.S: When he was n't gossiping , the analyst tended to fall asleep . 
  K: If tend causes fall then agent of tend is the same as agent of fall

1810.S: Staffers , meanwhile , are trying to pretend Flytrap does not exist . 
  K: If try causes pretend then agent of try is the same as agent of pretend

1811.S: The essay takes pains to note that current woes are not the fault of the free market system and that protectionism and regulation are not the answers . 
  K: If take causes note then recipient of take is the same as agent of note

1812.S: Starr 's pedantic , religious , exacting personality led him to drag out a case that other prosecutors would have ended quickly . 
  K: If lead causes drag then recipient of lead is the same as agent of drag

1813.S: -LRB- Minor problem : After Time went to press , Communists , who control Parliament , blocked Chernomyrdin 's confirmation . 
  K: If go causes press then agent of go is the same as agent of press

1814.S: Clinton 's advisers , who used to protect him by spinning and covering up his wrongdoing , have turned skeptical . 
  K: If use causes protect then agent of use is the same as agent of protect

1815.S: Economist , Sept. 19 -LRB- posted Saturday , Sept. 19 , 1998 -RRB- For the second straight week , the cover editorial urges President Clinton to resign . 
  K: If urge causes resign then recipient of urge is the same as agent of resign

1816.S: ... A hilarious section lets celebrities describe the TV shows they would most want to produce . 
  K: If want causes produce then agent of want is the same as agent of produce

1817.S: Congress must refuse the request and remove him . '' 
  K: If refuse causes remove then agent of refuse is the same as agent of remove

1818.S: Economist , Sept. 26 -LRB- posted Saturday , Sept. 26 , 1998 -RRB- The cover editorial urges Japan to reform its banking system . 
  K: If urge causes reform then recipient of urge is the same as agent of reform

1819.S: Japan 's politicians must quit dithering and revive consumer confidence . 
  K: If quit causes revive then agent of quit is the same as agent of revive

1820.S: Time agrees and seeks an exit strategy to end the mess . 
  K: If agree causes seek then agent of agree is the same as agent of seek

1821.S: Japanese men do n't help to bring up baby , and nannies are frowned upon , so motherhood can ruin a woman 's career . 
  K: If n't help causes bring then agent of n't help is the same as agent of bring

1822.S: ... The fall books section includes articles on Eudora Welty and Raymond Carver -LRB- a `` prairie existentialist '' -RRB- and reviews much new fiction . 
  K: If include causes review then agent of include is the same as agent of review

1823.S: The last Miss America `` held progressive views '' and supported AIDS research . 
  K: If hold causes support then agent of hold is the same as agent of support

1824.S: Nonetheless , the New York Times ' Stuart Elliott complains that `` too often , the effect was of ... being cajoled or maybe bullied into being entertained by a boor repeatedly accosting you to ask , ` Having fun yet ? ' '' 
  K: If accost causes ask then recipient of accost is the same as agent of ask

1825.S: Nonetheless , the New York Times ' Stuart Elliott complains that `` too often , the effect was of ... being cajoled or maybe bullied into being entertained by a boor repeatedly accosting you to ask , ` Having fun yet ? ' '' 
  K: If ask causes fun then agent of ask is the same as agent of fun

1826.S: The plot -- father comes to love adopted son -- is familiar ; the `` directorial style is unobtrusive and free of flourishes '' -LRB- Elliott Stein , Village Voice -RRB- . 
  K: If come causes love then agent of come is the same as agent of love

1827.S: The plot -- father comes to love adopted son -- is familiar ; the `` directorial style is unobtrusive and free of flourishes '' -LRB- Elliott Stein , Village Voice -RRB- . 
  K: If come causes love then agent of come is the same as agent of love

1828.S: -LRB- Addicts Shakur and Tim Roth want to kick their habit but are stymied by unhelpful social-service workers . -RRB- 
  K: If want causes kick then agent of want is the same as agent of kick

1829.S: Critics are titillated by the biographical mysteries surrounding de Kooning 's 1980s paintings , but maintain a genteel focus on the paintings themselves . 
  K: If titillate causes maintain then recipient of titillate is the same as agent of maintain

1830.S: Critics extol the charms of British actress Julia Ormond but pan Danish director Bille August 's adaptation of Peter Hoeg 's 1993 best-selling glaciological whodunit . 
  K: If extol causes pan then agent of extol is the same as agent of pan

1831.S: New York 's John Leonard praises the cast , which includes Blair Brown -LRB- The Days and Nights of Molly Dodd -RRB- and Regina Taylor -LRB- I 'll Fly Away -RRB- . 
  K: If praise causes include then recipient of praise is the same as agent of include

1832.S: `` If NBC wanted to clone its sitcoms , you think it could aim higher than Suddenly Susan and The Naked Truth , '' says USA Today 's Matt Roush . 
  K: If want causes clone then agent of want is the same as agent of clone

1833.S: Critics also welcome his ambivalence on Russia 's future : Unlike most Russia watchers , `` Mr. Remnick does not manage his material so as to prove that Russia is bound to succeed , or doomed to fail '' -LRB- the Economist -RRB- . 
  K: If bind causes succeed then recipient of bind is the same as agent of succeed

1834.S: Critics also welcome his ambivalence on Russia 's future : Unlike most Russia watchers , `` Mr. Remnick does not manage his material so as to prove that Russia is bound to succeed , or doomed to fail '' -LRB- the Economist -RRB- . 
  K: If doom causes fail then recipient of doom is the same as agent of fail

1835.S: -LRB- The Liar Liar page is good for some lawyer bashing , and serves up stills and clips . -RRB- 
  K: If bash causes serve then agent of bash is the same as agent of serve

1836.S: And Molly Haskell says the film `` demeans and demotes women outrageously . '' 
  K: If demean causes demote then agent of demean is the same as agent of demote

1837.S: But the screenplay is said to redeem the melodrama . 
  K: If say causes redeem then recipient of say is the same as agent of redeem

1838.S: -LRB- His best guess : a Freudian essay on lovelessness and neurosis . -RRB- 
  K: If lovelessness causes neurosis then agent of lovelessness is the same as agent of neurosis

1839.S: -LRB- Watch previews and join The Odyssey chat on NBC 's site . -RRB- 
  K: If preview causes join then agent of preview is the same as agent of join

1840.S: Just published and already a best seller , The Perfect Storm is said to be `` thrilling -- a boat ride into and -LRB- for us -RRB- out of a watery hell '' -LRB- Anthony Bailey , the New York Times Book Review -RRB- . 
  K: If say causes thrill then recipient of say is the same as agent of thrill

1841.S: Despite a lineup of big-name talent -- including Roy Lichtenstein , Jeff Koons , and Claus Oldenberg -- the world 's most prestigious contemporary art exhibition fails to excite . 
  K: If fail causes excite then agent of fail is the same as agent of excite

1842.S: Others complain that the superstars are over the hill , and are trotting out mediocre work . 
  K: If complain causes trot then agent of complain is the same as agent of trot

1843.S: Most critics find Maier 's argument well supported and persuasive . 
  K: If support causes persuasive then agent of support is the same as agent of persuasive

1844.S: A touring show of female musicians -- including Sarah McLachlan , Sheryl Crow , and the Indigo Girls -- is said to herald the end of male dominance of rock . 
  K: If say causes herald then recipient of say is the same as agent of herald

1845.S: Fox 's knockoff of the popular syndicated 5 th - century warrior adventure show Xena is said to lack the camp irony of the original . 
  K: If say causes lack then recipient of say is the same as agent of lack

1846.S: Baranczak 's lavish review calls it `` the book that you have been awaiting since you read Remembrance of Things Past , The Magic Mountain or The Man Without Qualities . '' 
  K: If await causes read then agent of await is the same as agent of read

1847.S: Critics seize upon the re-issue of 1968 's A Fan 's Notes and upon this biography of its eccentric , dipsomaniac author to sing his praises . 
  K: If seize causes sing then agent of seize is the same as agent of sing

1848.S: `` Even if the song continues to be inescapable , Mr. John refuses to compound the hype , '' says the New York Times ' Jon Pareles . 
  K: If refuse causes compound then agent of refuse is the same as agent of compound

1849.S: The museum distinguishes itself , they say , by focusing on aspects of Jewish culture other than the Holocaust -LRB- Jews are shown as they might have liked to be remembered , rather than as victims -RRB- . 
  K: If like causes remember then agent of like is the same as recipient of remember

1850.S: Only the `` beautifully filmed '' -LRB- Jay Carr , the Boston Globe -RRB- mountain vistas are said to make the movie worth watching . 
  K: If say causes make then recipient of say is the same as agent of make

1851.S: Criticisms of the line : The computers do nothing useful , and the futuristic designs are not anything `` people might actually want to wear '' -LRB- Business Week -RRB- . 
  K: If want causes wear then agent of want is the same as agent of wear

1852.S: Critics call the subject of the film inherently intriguing but complain that it has been `` marred by the Burnsian sensibility , ... the same sentimentality and earnestness he throws over every subject '' -LRB- James Collins , Time -RRB- . 
  K: If call causes complain then agent of call is the same as agent of complain

1853.S: A Queens elementary school turned art gallery undergoes an $ 8.5-million renovation and becomes the `` world 's largest contemporary art space . '' 
  K: If undergo causes become then agent of undergo is the same as agent of become

1854.S: But some reviewers claim to have relished the book 's spirit of kitschy fun . 
  K: If claim causes relish then agent of claim is the same as agent of relish

1855.S: She refuses `` to oversimplify , overanalyze or sentimentalize , '' says the New York Times Book Review 's Anna Quindlen . 
  K: If refuse causes oversimplify then agent of refuse is the same as agent of oversimplify

1856.S: Simon tries to write serious drama , but critics find him as schmaltzy as ever . 
  K: If try causes write then agent of try is the same as agent of write

1857.S: Main gripes : an implausible and uninspired premise -- the FBI recruits an Irish Republican Army terrorist to hunt down an elusive professional assassin -- and an excess of gratuitous explosions . 
  K: If recruit causes hunt then recipient of recruit is the same as agent of hunt

1858.S: Stars Richard Gere and Bruce Willis are said to have given lackluster performances . 
  K: If say causes give then recipient of say is the same as agent of give

1859.S: Critics also like the way the story has been rewritten to add some psychological depth -LRB- it 's now an Oedipal allegory -RRB- . 
  K: If rewrite causes add then recipient of rewrite is the same as agent of add

1860.S: Conservative critics use the occasion to lionize Reagan some more . 
  K: If use causes lionize then recipient of use is the same as agent of lionize

1861.S: Both the script and 16-year-old actress Natalie Portman -LRB- Everyone Says I Love You -RRB- are said to render Anne Frank less of a caricature than before . 
  K: If say causes render then recipient of say is the same as agent of render

1862.S: Some critics gush over it , ranking it alongside his '70s classics . 
  K: If gush causes rank then recipient of gush is the same as recipient of rank

1863.S: `` Woody Allen has wound up making a fetish of himself , and it 's beginning to be embarrassing , '' says New York 's David Denby . 
  K: If begin causes embarrass then agent of begin is the same as agent of embarrass

1864.S: Other favorites include Donnie Brasco , The Wings of the Dove , and Face/Off , while the well-reviewed Boogie Nights and Titanic both fail to make many lists . 
  K: If fail causes make then agent of fail is the same as agent of make

1865.S: Hoffman is said to have given `` one of the most subtle and precise comic performances ... since Tootsie '' -LRB- Joe Morgenstern , the Wall Street Journal -RRB- . 
  K: If say causes give then recipient of say is the same as agent of give

1866.S: Some hope the film will convince Hollywood studios to stop letting actors direct . 
  K: If convince causes stop then recipient of convince is the same as agent of stop

1867.S: Reviewers claim to be weary of Northern Ireland political dramas but admire this one anyway . 
  K: If claim causes admire then agent of claim is the same as agent of admire

1868.S: -LRB- Pinker has denied the accusation , arguing that he is trying to understand infanticidal behavior , not condoning it . -RRB- 
  K: If try causes understand then agent of try is the same as agent of understand

1869.S: Several recent reviews buck the critical consensus and deride the book , the story of a Confederate deserter , for being too self-consciously novelistic -LRB- James Gardner , National Review -RRB- . 
  K: If buck causes deride then agent of buck is the same as agent of deride

1870.S: Robert Redford 's annual independent-film festival continues to lose its luster . 
  K: If continue causes lose then agent of continue is the same as agent of lose

1871.S: The eagerly awaited but troubled collaboration of singer-songwriter Paul Simon , poet Derek Walcott , and choreographer Mark Morris is judged to be worse than expected . 
  K: If judge causes expect then recipient of judge is the same as recipient of expect

1872.S: Michael Keaton is said to waste an intense performance on a silly film . 
  K: If say causes waste then recipient of say is the same as agent of waste

1873.S: Critics failed to expect only one inclusion and omission : The indie feel-good movie The Full Monty got a best-picture bid , while Steven Spielberg 's Amistad did n't . 
  K: If fail causes expect then agent of fail is the same as agent of expect

1874.S: The book is expected to sell out its 2.8-million-copy first run . 
  K: If expect causes sell then recipient of expect is the same as agent of sell

1875.S: Schlndorff , says the New York Times ' Stephen Holden , wants to `` out-noir every other film noir . '' 
  K: If want causes out then agent of want is the same as agent of out

1876.S: ... Critics seek to explain the stunning success of Titanic . 
  K: If seek causes explain then agent of seek is the same as agent of explain

1877.S: Most-repeated rumor : Travolta , a Scientologist , promised to make Stanton sympathetic if Clinton pressed Germany to stop harassing his co-religionists . 
  K: If press causes stop then recipient of press is the same as agent of stop

1878.S: The biggest problem : corny dialogue that attempts to replicate 17 th century vernacular . 
  K: If attempt causes replicate then agent of attempt is the same as agent of replicate

1879.S: -LRB- Slate 's Jacob Weisberg explains why the media want Clinton to fall . -RRB- 
  K: If want causes fall then recipient of want is the same as agent of fall

1880.S: They predict audiences will continue to devour the show 's sentimental story anyway . 
  K: If continue causes devour then agent of continue is the same as agent of devour

1881.S: The $ 90 million remake of the sci-fi series is said to lack the original 's campy charm . 
  K: If say causes lack then recipient of say is the same as agent of lack

1882.S: -LRB- He suffers an anxiety attack on a Venetian gondola and rarely leaves his hotel rooms . -RRB- 
  K: If attack causes leave then agent of attack is the same as agent of leave

1883.S: Prozac Nation author Elizabeth Wurtzel 's marketing strategy works : Critics heap attention on the dust jacket photo of Wurtzel topless and flipping her middle finger . 
  K: If heap causes flip then agent of heap is the same as agent of flip

1884.S: Critics find Warren Beatty 's chutzpah and charm irresistible and praise his political comedy despite its hokey plot . 
  K: If find causes praise then agent of find is the same as agent of praise

1885.S: Conspiracy theory of the moment : `` Did Tina Brown ... who is often accused of vulgarizing Shawn 's great magazine , urge Ross to tell all ? '' 
  K: If urge causes tell then recipient of urge is the same as agent of tell

1886.S: Conspiracy theory of the moment : `` Did Tina Brown ... who is often accused of vulgarizing Shawn 's great magazine , urge Ross to tell all ? '' 
  K: If urge causes tell then recipient of urge is the same as agent of tell

1887.S: Conspiracy theory of the moment : `` Did Tina Brown ... who is often accused of vulgarizing Shawn 's great magazine , urge Ross to tell all ? '' 
  K: If urge causes tell then recipient of urge is the same as agent of tell

1888.S: Critics attack PBS 's timid refusal to air More Tales , even though the 1994 original was one of its highest rated programs ever . 
  K: If attack causes air then recipient of attack is the same as agent of air

1889.S: Others insist he self-consciously aimed to represent emotions and landscapes . 
  K: If aim causes represent then agent of aim is the same as agent of represent

1890.S: Critics welcome the chance to review British documentarian Nick Broomfield 's controversial portrait of grunge rockers Courtney Love and Kurt Cobain . 
  K: If welcome causes review then recipient of welcome is the same as agent of review

1891.S: Sarah Jessica Parker , who plays the Bushnell character , is said to lack her usual charm . 
  K: If say causes lack then recipient of say is the same as agent of lack

1892.S: Some attack its incomprehensibly labyrinthine plot , which is wrapped around an alien-government conspiracy . 
  K: If attack causes wrap then recipient of attack is the same as recipient of wrap

1893.S: Others find she shares McBeal 's whininess and resembles a spouse `` who prattles on incessantly , never asking a more challenging question than ` Do these pants make me look fat ? ' '' 
  K: If find causes resemble then agent of find is the same as agent of resemble

1894.S: Critics ca n't understand why curators chose to exclude Wyeth 's best paintings -LRB- his Helga and Christina series -RRB- . 
  K: If choose causes exclude then agent of choose is the same as agent of exclude

1895.S: Others regret that Drudge is less than telegenic and fails to deliver the dish his promos promised . 
  K: If fail causes deliver then agent of fail is the same as agent of deliver

1896.S: It 's `` the worst kind of bad film : the kind that gets you all worked up and then lets you down , '' declares the Chicago Sun-Times ' Roger Ebert . 
  K: If work causes let then agent of work is the same as agent of let

1897.S: It 's `` the worst kind of bad film : the kind that gets you all worked up and then lets you down , '' declares the Chicago Sun-Times ' Roger Ebert . 
  K: If work causes let then agent of work is the same as recipient of let

1898.S: Critics call this version more polished than the low budget original and better than the other six sequels but say nonetheless that it is predictable , devoid of scare power , and overly fond of the current horror movie trend of `` smirky pomo self-consciousness '' -LRB- Dennis Lim , the Village Voice -RRB- . 
  K: If call causes say then agent of call is the same as agent of say

1899.S: A cast of critics ' darlings -LRB- Edward Norton , Matt Damon , John Malkovich -RRB- fails to win this poker movie much-hoped-for rave reviews . 
  K: If fail causes win then agent of fail is the same as agent of win

1900.S: Critics everywhere treat the legal document as if it were a literary creation but disagree on which genre it falls into . 
  K: If treat causes disagree then agent of treat is the same as agent of disagree

1901.S: Either way , Greenspan asked the FBI to investigate the breach of security . 
  K: If ask causes investigate then recipient of ask is the same as agent of investigate

1902.S: ... If he thought it was over , he 'd be frenetically running around . '' 
  K: If think causes run then agent of think is the same as agent of run

1903.S: Opposition parties called on Yeltsin to resign . 
  K: If call causes resign then agent of call is the same as agent of resign

1904.S: On the opposite page , an op-ed headline suggested , `` Kwanzaa alternative to commercialism . '' 
  K: If alternative causes commercialism then agent of alternative is the same as agent of commercialism

1905.S: The protests were over Milosevic 's annulment of municipal elections that appeared to have been won by opposition parties . 
  K: If appear causes win then agent of appear is the same as recipient of win

1906.S: -LRB- posted 12/3 -RRB- A panel of economists appointed by Congress is expected to propose a new inflation index to replace the Consumer Price Index . 
  K: If propose causes replace then recipient of propose is the same as recipient of replace

1907.S: Though the highest-ranking CIA official ever accused of espionage , Nicholson appears to have done less damage than Aldrich Ames . 
  K: If appear causes do then agent of appear is the same as agent of do

1908.S: -LRB- posted 11/22 -RRB- The federal government decided to allow car owners to disconnect their air bags , which , according to government estimates , are killing one child per month and are on track to kill one child per week as more and more cars feature them . 
  K: If decide causes allow then agent of decide is the same as agent of allow

1909.S: -LRB- posted 11/22 -RRB- The federal government decided to allow car owners to disconnect their air bags , which , according to government estimates , are killing one child per month and are on track to kill one child per week as more and more cars feature them . 
  K: If allow causes disconnect then recipient of allow is the same as agent of disconnect

1910.S: Everyone agreed that the solution is technology : Automakers favor slower-inflating air bags , while consumer advocates want new gizmos to detect the size of each passenger and adjust the inflation speed accordingly . 
  K: If want causes detect then recipient of want is the same as agent of detect

1911.S: Everyone agreed that the solution is technology : Automakers favor slower-inflating air bags , while consumer advocates want new gizmos to detect the size of each passenger and adjust the inflation speed accordingly . 
  K: If want causes detect then recipient of want is the same as agent of detect

1912.S: Russian and Belarussian authorities ignored him and blamed the police . 
  K: If ignore causes blame then agent of ignore is the same as agent of blame

1913.S: The New York Times ' Dave Anderson recalled the O'Malleys ' betrayal of Brooklyn and scoffed that they were proving once again that baseball is `` a business , not a game . '' 
  K: If recall causes scoff then agent of recall is the same as agent of scoff

1914.S: NBC reporter Andrea Mitchell agreed to marry Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan . 
  K: If agree causes marry then agent of agree is the same as agent of marry

1915.S: Television networks forced themselves to cover the speech , but raced to Los Angeles the second it was over . 
  K: If force causes race then agent of force is the same as agent of race

1916.S: Television networks forced themselves to cover the speech , but raced to Los Angeles the second it was over . 
  K: If race causes Los_Angeles then agent of race is the same as agent of Los_Angeles

1917.S: Television networks forced themselves to cover the speech , but raced to Los Angeles the second it was over . 
  K: If race causes Los_Angeles then agent of race is the same as agent of Los_Angeles

1918.S: Editorialists applauded his candor but dismissed him as timid and naive . 
  K: If applaud causes dismiss then agent of applaud is the same as agent of dismiss

1919.S: Government figures indicate that cigarette consumption is holding steady and may be rising . 
  K: If indicate causes rise then agent of indicate is the same as agent of rise

1920.S: The political consensus is that the Republicans are ready to deal this year and will work out a compromise budget , which wo n't balance either . 
  K: If work causes n't balance then recipient of work is the same as agent of n't balance

1921.S: The political consensus is that the Republicans are ready to deal this year and will work out a compromise budget , which wo n't balance either . 
  K: If work causes n't balance then recipient of work is the same as agent of n't balance

1922.S: Commentators agree that the Swiss have n't really repented and are just trying to restore their trustworthy-banker reputation and stave off a boycott organized by Jewish groups . 
  K: If try causes restore then agent of try is the same as agent of restore

1923.S: ABC reported that the first witness has a long criminal record and has allegedly bragged that he stands to gain much of the government 's $ 3 million reward for nabbing the bomber . 
  K: If stand causes gain then agent of stand is the same as agent of gain

1924.S: White House aides were reported to be celebrating . 
  K: If report causes celebrate then recipient of report is the same as agent of celebrate

1925.S: Instead , Earl Graves , the publisher of Black Enterprise magazine , said it was wrong `` to expect the private sector ... to sacrifice profit margins in order to do the government 's job . '' 
  K: If expect causes sacrifice then recipient of expect is the same as agent of sacrifice

1926.S: Observers worry that their reconciliation process might collapse , possibly provoking North Korea to resume its nuclear-weapons program . 
  K: If provoke causes resume then recipient of provoke is the same as agent of resume

1927.S: Observers worry that their reconciliation process might collapse , possibly provoking North Korea to resume its nuclear-weapons program . 
  K: If provoke causes resume then recipient of provoke is the same as agent of resume

1928.S: Lipinski 's camp quickly unveiled her Web site and booked her on television talk shows . 
  K: If unveil causes book then agent of unveil is the same as agent of book

1929.S: An anti-terrorism task force had been put on the case , but a note written by the gunman seems to confirm police suspicions that he was deranged and acted alone . 
  K: If seem causes confirm then agent of seem is the same as agent of confirm

1930.S: Researchers who performed the experiment -LRB- on sheep -RRB- said their technique will allow the engineering of animals to produce helpful drugs . 
  K: If allow causes produce then recipient of allow is the same as agent of produce

1931.S: A presidential bioethics panel is expected to take up the question . 
  K: If expect causes take then recipient of expect is the same as agent of take

1932.S: Pundits , however , agree that the reversal fails to erase the widespread conclusion that he has given up on indicting the Clintons -- and that it only confirms his lack of judgment , further weakening the investigation 's credibility . 
  K: If fail causes erase then agent of fail is the same as agent of erase

1933.S: Analysts consider Jiang a clumsy weakling compared with Deng , and are debating whether 1 -RRB- he will continue Deng 's reforms or return to authoritarianism and 2 -RRB- he can consolidate power or will be outmaneuvered by rivals . 
  K: If return causes authoritarianism then agent of return is the same as agent of authoritarianism

1934.S: Analysts consider Jiang a clumsy weakling compared with Deng , and are debating whether 1 -RRB- he will continue Deng 's reforms or return to authoritarianism and 2 -RRB- he can consolidate power or will be outmaneuvered by rivals . 
  K: If return causes authoritarianism then agent of return is the same as agent of authoritarianism

1935.S: Analysts consider Jiang a clumsy weakling compared with Deng , and are debating whether 1 -RRB- he will continue Deng 's reforms or return to authoritarianism and 2 -RRB- he can consolidate power or will be outmaneuvered by rivals . 
  K: If return causes authoritarianism then agent of return is the same as agent of authoritarianism

1936.S: Analysts consider Jiang a clumsy weakling compared with Deng , and are debating whether 1 -RRB- he will continue Deng 's reforms or return to authoritarianism and 2 -RRB- he can consolidate power or will be outmaneuvered by rivals . 
  K: If return causes authoritarianism then agent of return is the same as agent of authoritarianism

1937.S: Analysts consider Jiang a clumsy weakling compared with Deng , and are debating whether 1 -RRB- he will continue Deng 's reforms or return to authoritarianism and 2 -RRB- he can consolidate power or will be outmaneuvered by rivals . 
  K: If return causes authoritarianism then agent of return is the same as agent of authoritarianism

1938.S: Analysts consider Jiang a clumsy weakling compared with Deng , and are debating whether 1 -RRB- he will continue Deng 's reforms or return to authoritarianism and 2 -RRB- he can consolidate power or will be outmaneuvered by rivals . 
  K: If return causes authoritarianism then agent of return is the same as agent of authoritarianism

1939.S: They claim that police are preparing to storm the building by digging a tunnel under the house . 
  K: If prepare causes storm then agent of prepare is the same as agent of storm

1940.S: The next step is to develop drugs to influence the gene and thereby treat obesity . 
  K: If develop causes influence then recipient of develop is the same as agent of influence

1941.S: The next step is to develop drugs to influence the gene and thereby treat obesity . 
  K: If influence causes treat then agent of influence is the same as agent of treat

1942.S: Pundits oohed and aahed over the quarrel . 
  K: If ooh causes aah then agent of ooh is the same as agent of aah

1943.S: American officials are asking Germany to let the agent stay . 
  K: If ask causes let then recipient of ask is the same as agent of let

1944.S: -LRB- 3/7 -RRB- President Clinton ordered federal agencies to hire welfare recipients . 
  K: If order causes hire then recipient of order is the same as agent of hire

1945.S: Pundits oohed and aahed over the quarrel . 
  K: If ooh causes aah then agent of ooh is the same as agent of aah

1946.S: -LRB- 3/14 -RRB- Five female soldiers say Army investigators pressured them to falsely accuse their superiors of rape . 
  K: If pressure causes accuse then recipient of pressure is the same as agent of accuse

1947.S: American officials are asking Germany to let the agent stay . 
  K: If ask causes let then recipient of ask is the same as agent of let

1948.S: -LRB- 3/10 -RRB- President Clinton ordered federal agencies to hire welfare recipients . 
  K: If order causes hire then recipient of order is the same as agent of hire

1949.S: Pundits oohed and aahed over the quarrel . 
  K: If ooh causes aah then agent of ooh is the same as agent of aah

1950.S: 3 -RRB- Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch said the White House knew of Chinese efforts to influence U.S. elections a year sooner than the administration admits , yet continued to raise money through Chinese-affiliated fund raisers . 
  K: If continue causes raise then agent of continue is the same as agent of raise

1951.S: 3 -RRB- Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch said the White House knew of Chinese efforts to influence U.S. elections a year sooner than the administration admits , yet continued to raise money through Chinese-affiliated fund raisers . 
  K: If admit causes continue then agent of admit is the same as agent of continue

1952.S: 3 -RRB- Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch said the White House knew of Chinese efforts to influence U.S. elections a year sooner than the administration admits , yet continued to raise money through Chinese-affiliated fund raisers . 
  K: If continue causes raise then agent of continue is the same as agent of raise

1953.S: 3 -RRB- Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch said the White House knew of Chinese efforts to influence U.S. elections a year sooner than the administration admits , yet continued to raise money through Chinese-affiliated fund raisers . 
  K: If continue causes raise then agent of continue is the same as agent of raise

1954.S: 3 -RRB- Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch said the White House knew of Chinese efforts to influence U.S. elections a year sooner than the administration admits , yet continued to raise money through Chinese-affiliated fund raisers . 
  K: If continue causes raise then agent of continue is the same as agent of raise

1955.S: 3 -RRB- Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch said the White House knew of Chinese efforts to influence U.S. elections a year sooner than the administration admits , yet continued to raise money through Chinese-affiliated fund raisers . 
  K: If continue causes raise then agent of continue is the same as agent of raise

1956.S: 5 -RRB- Dueling spins : The New York Times says the scandal will dog and impede Clinton 's foreign policy . 
  K: If dog causes impede then agent of dog is the same as agent of impede

1957.S: -LRB- 3/14 -RRB- Five female soldiers say Army investigators pressured them to falsely accuse their superiors of rape . 
  K: If pressure causes accuse then recipient of pressure is the same as agent of accuse

1958.S: American officials are asking Germany to let the agent stay . 
  K: If ask causes let then recipient of ask is the same as agent of let

1959.S: 1 -RRB- The two leaders agreed to reduce nuclear-missile warheads . 
  K: If agree causes reduce then agent of agree is the same as agent of reduce

1960.S: The NCI , under heavy political pressure , is expected to reverse that recommendation this week . 
  K: If expect causes reverse then recipient of expect is the same as agent of reverse

1961.S: The vote was 295-136 -- better than a two-thirds majority -- which means that opponents of the ban must once again depend on the Senate to sustain a presidential veto . 
  K: If depend causes sustain then agent of depend is the same as agent of sustain

1962.S: Proponents of affirmative action will ask the full 9 th Circuit to reverse the decision . 
  K: If ask causes reverse then recipient of ask is the same as agent of reverse

1963.S: 2 -RRB- Mobutu declared martial law and ousted the nation 's new prime minister , Etienne Tshisekedi , who had seized political control . 
  K: If declare causes oust then agent of declare is the same as agent of oust

1964.S: -LRB- 4/9 -RRB- The Social Security Administration hastily abandoned a Web site it had created that allowed workers to check their earnings records and benefit entitlements . 
  K: If check causes benefit then agent of check is the same as agent of benefit

1965.S: The court ruled 8-to-1 that the urine tests were an unreasonable search under the Fourth Amendment because : 1 -RRB- there 's no evidence of a drug problem among Georgia politicians and 2 -RRB- the law was designed to be symbolic rather than effective -LRB- e.g. , it allows candidates to pick the day they will be tested -RRB- . 
  K: If allow causes pick then recipient of allow is the same as agent of pick

1966.S: The court ruled 8-to-1 that the urine tests were an unreasonable search under the Fourth Amendment because : 1 -RRB- there 's no evidence of a drug problem among Georgia politicians and 2 -RRB- the law was designed to be symbolic rather than effective -LRB- e.g. , it allows candidates to pick the day they will be tested -RRB- . 
  K: If allow causes pick then recipient of allow is the same as agent of pick

1967.S: The court ruled 8-to-1 that the urine tests were an unreasonable search under the Fourth Amendment because : 1 -RRB- there 's no evidence of a drug problem among Georgia politicians and 2 -RRB- the law was designed to be symbolic rather than effective -LRB- e.g. , it allows candidates to pick the day they will be tested -RRB- . 
  K: If allow causes pick then recipient of allow is the same as agent of pick

1968.S: The court ruled 8-to-1 that the urine tests were an unreasonable search under the Fourth Amendment because : 1 -RRB- there 's no evidence of a drug problem among Georgia politicians and 2 -RRB- the law was designed to be symbolic rather than effective -LRB- e.g. , it allows candidates to pick the day they will be tested -RRB- . 
  K: If allow causes pick then recipient of allow is the same as agent of pick

1969.S: The court ruled 8-to-1 that the urine tests were an unreasonable search under the Fourth Amendment because : 1 -RRB- there 's no evidence of a drug problem among Georgia politicians and 2 -RRB- the law was designed to be symbolic rather than effective -LRB- e.g. , it allows candidates to pick the day they will be tested -RRB- . 
  K: If allow causes pick then recipient of allow is the same as agent of pick

1970.S: The ideological spin is that the principled left and principled right -LRB- including Justices Thomas and Scalia -RRB- defeated the unprincipled center -LRB- Chief Justice Rehnquist -RRB- . 
  K: If leave causes defeat then agent of leave is the same as agent of defeat

1971.S: The ideological spin is that the principled left and principled right -LRB- including Justices Thomas and Scalia -RRB- defeated the unprincipled center -LRB- Chief Justice Rehnquist -RRB- . 
  K: If principled causes defeat then agent of principled is the same as agent of defeat

1972.S: The drop had wiped out this year 's gains and persuaded some market watchers to declare the slide a correction . 
  K: If persuade causes declare then recipient of persuade is the same as agent of declare

1973.S: If the company makes money on the policy , other insurers are expected to follow . 
  K: If expect causes follow then recipient of expect is the same as agent of follow

1974.S: -LRB- 4/16 -RRB- Tiger Woods won the Masters golf tournament and was anointed a Transcendent Sports Phenomenon . 
  K: If win causes anoint then agent of win is the same as recipient of anoint

1975.S: -LRB- The porn is produced by independent sites and distributed through Internet newsgroups . -RRB- 
  K: If produce causes distribute then recipient of produce is the same as recipient of distribute

1976.S: The court ruled 8-to-1 that the urine tests were an unreasonable search under the Fourth Amendment because : 1 -RRB- there 's no evidence of a drug problem among Georgia politicians and 2 -RRB- the law was designed to be symbolic rather than effective -LRB- e.g. , it allows candidates to pick the day they will be tested -RRB- . 
  K: If allow causes pick then recipient of allow is the same as agent of pick

1977.S: The court ruled 8-to-1 that the urine tests were an unreasonable search under the Fourth Amendment because : 1 -RRB- there 's no evidence of a drug problem among Georgia politicians and 2 -RRB- the law was designed to be symbolic rather than effective -LRB- e.g. , it allows candidates to pick the day they will be tested -RRB- . 
  K: If allow causes pick then recipient of allow is the same as agent of pick

1978.S: The court ruled 8-to-1 that the urine tests were an unreasonable search under the Fourth Amendment because : 1 -RRB- there 's no evidence of a drug problem among Georgia politicians and 2 -RRB- the law was designed to be symbolic rather than effective -LRB- e.g. , it allows candidates to pick the day they will be tested -RRB- . 
  K: If allow causes pick then recipient of allow is the same as agent of pick

1979.S: The court ruled 8-to-1 that the urine tests were an unreasonable search under the Fourth Amendment because : 1 -RRB- there 's no evidence of a drug problem among Georgia politicians and 2 -RRB- the law was designed to be symbolic rather than effective -LRB- e.g. , it allows candidates to pick the day they will be tested -RRB- . 
  K: If allow causes pick then recipient of allow is the same as agent of pick

1980.S: The court ruled 8-to-1 that the urine tests were an unreasonable search under the Fourth Amendment because : 1 -RRB- there 's no evidence of a drug problem among Georgia politicians and 2 -RRB- the law was designed to be symbolic rather than effective -LRB- e.g. , it allows candidates to pick the day they will be tested -RRB- . 
  K: If allow causes pick then recipient of allow is the same as agent of pick

1981.S: The ideological spin is that the principled left and principled right -LRB- including Justices Thomas and Scalia -RRB- defeated the unprincipled center -LRB- Chief Justice Rehnquist -RRB- . 
  K: If leave causes defeat then agent of leave is the same as agent of defeat

1982.S: The ideological spin is that the principled left and principled right -LRB- including Justices Thomas and Scalia -RRB- defeated the unprincipled center -LRB- Chief Justice Rehnquist -RRB- . 
  K: If principled causes defeat then agent of principled is the same as agent of defeat

1983.S: The drop had wiped out this year 's gains and persuaded some market watchers to declare the slide a correction . 
  K: If persuade causes declare then recipient of persuade is the same as agent of declare

1984.S: If the company makes money on the policy , other insurers are expected to follow . 
  K: If expect causes follow then recipient of expect is the same as agent of follow

1985.S: -LRB- 4/14 -RRB- Tiger Woods won the Masters golf tournament and was anointed a Transcendent Sports Phenomenon . 
  K: If win causes anoint then agent of win is the same as recipient of anoint

1986.S: Roseanne has agreed to launch a daily TV talk show next year . 
  K: If agree causes launch then agent of agree is the same as agent of launch

1987.S: -LRB- 5/23 -RRB- Sportscaster Marv Albert denied charges that he had assaulted and sodomized a female acquaintance . 
  K: If assault causes sodomize then agent of assault is the same as agent of sodomize

1988.S: Next , jurors will consider whether to give McVeigh the death penalty . 
  K: If consider causes give then agent of consider is the same as agent of give

1989.S: But the commissioners decided not to ask Congress to ban human-embryo cloning outright , reportedly because they trust Congress even less than they trust scientists . 
  K: If decide causes not ask then agent of decide is the same as agent of not ask

1990.S: But the commissioners decided not to ask Congress to ban human-embryo cloning outright , reportedly because they trust Congress even less than they trust scientists . 
  K: If not ask causes ban then recipient of not ask is the same as agent of ban

1991.S: The new bioethical controversy is whether doctors should obey families who want to freeze the sperm of their deceased loved ones . 
  K: If want causes freeze then agent of want is the same as agent of freeze

1992.S: The New York Times applauds Pol Pot 's demise but regrets that crooks , schemers , and butchers evidently will continue to run the country . 
  K: If continue causes run then agent of continue is the same as agent of run

1993.S: Liberals doubted the sermonizer but loved the sermon . 
  K: If doubt causes love then agent of doubt is the same as agent of love

1994.S: NASA landed a robot on Mars and began exploring the surface . 
  K: If land causes begin then agent of land is the same as agent of begin

1995.S: Thousands of U.S. journalists found excuses to spend the week there , playing up the possibilities of political confrontation and violence -LRB- China oafishly sent thousands of troops to show everyone who 's the boss -RRB- before conceding that nothing was going to happen . 
  K: If go causes happen then agent of go is the same as agent of happen

1996.S: Thousands of U.S. journalists found excuses to spend the week there , playing up the possibilities of political confrontation and violence -LRB- China oafishly sent thousands of troops to show everyone who 's the boss -RRB- before conceding that nothing was going to happen . 
  K: If go causes happen then agent of go is the same as agent of happen

1997.S: -LRB- 7/7 -RRB- Senate hearings on the campaign-finance scandal are set to open . 
  K: If set causes open then recipient of set is the same as agent of open

1998.S: The bite inspired a blizzard of bad puns and rekindled the ancient debate over whether boxing is inherently or only sporadically barbaric . 
  K: If inspire causes rekindle then agent of inspire is the same as agent of rekindle

1999.S: -LRB- 7/9 -RRB- NASA landed a robot on Mars and began exploring the surface . 
  K: If land causes begin then agent of land is the same as agent of begin

2000.S: The United States successfully pressured its allies to postpone a similar decision on Romania and Slovenia until 1999 . 
  K: If pressure causes postpone then recipient of pressure is the same as agent of postpone

2001.S: Thousands of U.S. journalists found excuses to spend the week there , playing up the possibilities of political confrontation and violence -LRB- China oafishly sent thousands of troops to show everyone who 's the boss -RRB- before conceding that nothing was going to happen . 
  K: If go causes happen then agent of go is the same as agent of happen

2002.S: Thousands of U.S. journalists found excuses to spend the week there , playing up the possibilities of political confrontation and violence -LRB- China oafishly sent thousands of troops to show everyone who 's the boss -RRB- before conceding that nothing was going to happen . 
  K: If go causes happen then agent of go is the same as agent of happen

2003.S: Brownback used no accent and immediately said that he had meant `` no slight . '' 
  K: If use causes say then agent of use is the same as agent of say

2004.S: -LRB- 7/11 -RRB- NASA landed a robot on Mars and began exploring the surface . 
  K: If land causes begin then agent of land is the same as agent of begin

2005.S: The United States successfully pressured its allies to postpone a similar decision on Romania and Slovenia until 1999 . 
  K: If pressure causes postpone then recipient of pressure is the same as agent of postpone

2006.S: The premature anticlimax disappointed the media , but they continued to milk the story anyway . 
  K: If continue causes milk then agent of continue is the same as agent of milk

2007.S: Her lawyer is contemplating a paternity suit , which might oblige Cosby to take a blood test . 
  K: If contemplate causes oblige then recipient of contemplate is the same as agent of oblige

2008.S: Her lawyer is contemplating a paternity suit , which might oblige Cosby to take a blood test . 
  K: If oblige causes take then recipient of oblige is the same as agent of take

2009.S: He has been nominated by President Clinton , but Sen. Jesse Helms , R-N.C. , the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , has vowed to quash the nomination on the grounds that Weld is soft on drugs . 
  K: If vow causes quash then agent of vow is the same as agent of quash

2010.S: Since paternity can not be established unless Jackson is also tested , Schmitt challenged Jackson to comply . 
  K: If challenge causes comply then recipient of challenge is the same as agent of comply

2011.S: Since paternity can not be established unless Jackson is also tested , Schmitt challenged Jackson to comply . 
  K: If test causes comply then recipient of test is the same as agent of comply

2012.S: Since paternity can not be established unless Jackson is also tested , Schmitt challenged Jackson to comply . 
  K: If challenge causes comply then recipient of challenge is the same as agent of comply

2013.S: The premature anticlimax disappointed the media , but they continued to milk the story anyway . 
  K: If continue causes milk then agent of continue is the same as agent of milk

2014.S: He has been nominated by President Clinton , but Sen. Jesse Helms , R-N.C. , the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , has vowed to quash the nomination on the grounds that Weld is soft on drugs . 
  K: If vow causes quash then agent of vow is the same as agent of quash

2015.S: The Swiss law was used by Hitler to justify Nazi policies . 
  K: If use causes justify then recipient of use is the same as agent of justify

2016.S: This updates the previous White House estimate -LRB- 48 -RRB- , which updated Gore 's previous characterization -LRB- `` a few occasions '' -RRB- . 
  K: If update causes update then recipient of update is the same as agent of update

2017.S: Other racial flash points : The Army is considering whether to court-martial accused sexual harasser/abuser Sgt. Maj. Gene McKinney . 
  K: If consider causes court then agent of consider is the same as agent of court

2018.S: Republicans are demanding a special prosecutor and promising congressional investigations . 
  K: If demand causes promise then agent of demand is the same as agent of promise

2019.S: The official delayed the announcement until the UPS strike was settled , so as not to influence its outcome . 
  K: If settle causes not influence then recipient of settle is the same as agent of not influence

2020.S: -LRB- 8/25 -RRB- The government will pay hospitals not to train doctors . 
  K: If pay causes not train then recipient of pay is the same as agent of not train

2021.S: Defenders argue that it 's less idiotic than the current Medicare policy of subsidizing physician training , which has exacerbated the surplus . 
  K: If subsidize causes exacerbate then recipient of subsidize is the same as agent of exacerbate

2022.S: Instead of equalizing things by scrapping the New York payment scheme , Congress decided to equalize things by nationalizing it . 
  K: If decide causes equalize then agent of decide is the same as agent of equalize

2023.S: Instead of equalizing things by scrapping the New York payment scheme , Congress decided to equalize things by nationalizing it . 
  K: If decide causes equalize then agent of decide is the same as agent of equalize

2024.S: The divorce cost Hudson its biggest client and inaugurated Burger King 's campaign to persuade customers to continue eating its meat . 
  K: If persuade causes continue then recipient of persuade is the same as agent of continue

2025.S: The latest escalation : Palestinian officials accused Israel of preparing commando attacks on Palestinian territory -- including an assassination attempt on Yasser Arafat , according to a Palestinian mayor -- and urged the United States to stop Israel 's blockade of Bethlehem and its destruction of Palestinian houses . 
  K: If urge causes stop then recipient of urge is the same as agent of stop

2026.S: The latest escalation : Palestinian officials accused Israel of preparing commando attacks on Palestinian territory -- including an assassination attempt on Yasser Arafat , according to a Palestinian mayor -- and urged the United States to stop Israel 's blockade of Bethlehem and its destruction of Palestinian houses . 
  K: If urge causes stop then recipient of urge is the same as agent of stop

2027.S: The latest escalation : Palestinian officials accused Israel of preparing commando attacks on Palestinian territory -- including an assassination attempt on Yasser Arafat , according to a Palestinian mayor -- and urged the United States to stop Israel 's blockade of Bethlehem and its destruction of Palestinian houses . 
  K: If urge causes stop then recipient of urge is the same as agent of stop

2028.S: The latest escalation : Palestinian officials accused Israel of preparing commando attacks on Palestinian territory -- including an assassination attempt on Yasser Arafat , according to a Palestinian mayor -- and urged the United States to stop Israel 's blockade of Bethlehem and its destruction of Palestinian houses . 
  K: If urge causes stop then recipient of urge is the same as agent of stop

2029.S: And the United States and France , among other nations , urged Israel and Lebanon to halt the spread of violence along their border . 
  K: If urge causes halt then recipient of urge is the same as agent of halt

2030.S: Princess Diana was eulogized and buried . 
  K: If eulogize causes bury then recipient of eulogize is the same as recipient of bury

2031.S: The press finally acquitted the Promise Keepers of the charge that they are divisive and leveled the more serious charge that they are boring . 
  K: If acquit causes level then agent of acquit is the same as agent of level

2032.S: The public is expected to welcome the measures . 
  K: If expect causes welcome then recipient of expect is the same as agent of welcome

2033.S: The Times speculated that NATO officials leaked the bad news to persuade Congress not to pull out the troops . 
  K: If persuade causes not pull then recipient of persuade is the same as agent of not pull

2034.S: Editorialists admired and reviled his diabolical shrewdness . 
  K: If admire causes revile then agent of admire is the same as agent of revile

2035.S: Reporters oohed and aahed . 
  K: If ooh causes aah then agent of ooh is the same as agent of aah

2036.S: There are two schools of thought : 1 -RRB- Saddam once again is proving his genius by taunting and frustrating the United States . 
  K: If prove causes frustrate then agent of prove is the same as agent of frustrate

2037.S: The contrarian view is that the rally happened too soon , that the market has n't bottomed out yet , and that it needs to do so in order to `` wash out '' its fears -- i.e. , it needs to finish puking before it can start eating again . 
  K: If need causes finish then agent of need is the same as agent of finish

2038.S: Dennis Rodman said they should be prepared to be patted on the buttocks . 
  K: If prepare causes pat then recipient of prepare is the same as recipient of pat

2039.S: Rosa Parks and Coretta Scott King declined to attend . 
  K: If decline causes attend then agent of decline is the same as agent of attend

2040.S: They became the first wild-card team and the youngest club -LRB- they were founded five years ago -RRB- to win the Series . 
  K: If become causes found then agent of become is the same as recipient of found

2041.S: 5 -RRB- The superstars are eating up all the available money and crowding out new talent . 
  K: If eat causes crowd then agent of eat is the same as agent of crowd

2042.S: Critics objected that the deal reportedly would include a U.N. pledge to cut short its weapons-inspection program . 
  K: If include causes cut then recipient of include is the same as agent of cut

2043.S: The charitable view : Russia is playing good cop , while the United States plays bad cop . 
  K: If play causes play then recipient of play is the same as recipient of play

2044.S: -LRB- 11/17 -RRB- Justice Department officials predict that an independent counsel will be named to investigate Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt . 
  K: If name causes investigate then recipient of name is the same as agent of investigate

2045.S: The naughty rejoinder , offered by her lawyer : Critics just want to punish her because `` she is attractive . '' 
  K: If want causes punish then agent of want is the same as agent of punish

2046.S: Editorialists labored to connect the two contrary outcomes . 
  K: If labor causes connect then agent of labor is the same as agent of connect

2047.S: The White House said it was a boo-boo and `` wo n't be repeated . '' 
  K: If say causes n't repeat then agent of say is the same as recipient of n't repeat

2048.S: 2 -RRB- He gets a relatively low salary -- $ 750,000 -- and makes more money only if he increases Disney 's value , as he has done . 
  K: If get causes do then agent of get is the same as agent of do

2049.S: 2 -RRB- He gets a relatively low salary -- $ 750,000 -- and makes more money only if he increases Disney 's value , as he has done . 
  K: If make causes do then agent of make is the same as agent of do

2050.S: 2 -RRB- He gets a relatively low salary -- $ 750,000 -- and makes more money only if he increases Disney 's value , as he has done . 
  K: If increase causes do then agent of increase is the same as agent of do

2051.S: The Clinton administration praised the agreement while admitting it faced immediate gridlock : Developing countries refuse to reduce their emissions until industrialized countries do so , but the U.S. Senate refuses to ratify the treaty until developing countries sign on . 
  K: If sign causes refuse then agent of sign is the same as agent of refuse

2052.S: The Clinton administration praised the agreement while admitting it faced immediate gridlock : Developing countries refuse to reduce their emissions until industrialized countries do so , but the U.S. Senate refuses to ratify the treaty until developing countries sign on . 
  K: If sign causes reduce then agent of sign is the same as agent of reduce

2053.S: The White House said it was a boo-boo and `` wo n't be repeated . '' 
  K: If say causes n't repeat then agent of say is the same as recipient of n't repeat

2054.S: The flu has sickened at least 12 people and killed four . 
  K: If sicken causes kill then agent of sicken is the same as agent of kill

2055.S: She had been hired to play a husband-stealing vixen . 
  K: If hire causes play then recipient of hire is the same as agent of play

2056.S: The punch line : She won the case by looking sexy while pregnant throughout the trial , thereby convincing jurors that she could credibly have played her TV vixen role while pregnant . 
  K: If win causes play then agent of win is the same as agent of play

2057.S: 2 -RRB- Kennedys used to die while serving their country . 
  K: If use causes die then agent of use is the same as agent of die

2058.S: Analysts called the decision screwy and predicted it will be overturned . 
  K: If call causes predict then agent of call is the same as agent of predict

2059.S: Jordan also denied he had told Lewinsky to falsely deny having carried on such an affair . 
  K: If tell causes deny then recipient of tell is the same as agent of deny

2060.S: Jordan also denied he had told Lewinsky to falsely deny having carried on such an affair . 
  K: If deny causes carry then agent of deny is the same as agent of carry

2061.S: 4 -RRB- Prosecutors have subpoenaed Betty Currie , Clinton 's personal secretary , to seek further corroboration . 
  K: If subpoena causes seek then recipient of subpoena is the same as agent of seek

2062.S: The U.S. media 's spin : The pope 's visit crowns freedom 's triumph over communism and `` is bound to hasten '' Cuba 's progress toward democracy . 
  K: If crown causes bind then agent of crown is the same as recipient of bind

2063.S: The U.S. media 's spin : The pope 's visit crowns freedom 's triumph over communism and `` is bound to hasten '' Cuba 's progress toward democracy . 
  K: If bind causes hasten then recipient of bind is the same as agent of hasten

2064.S: The U.S. media 's spin : The pope 's visit crowns freedom 's triumph over communism and `` is bound to hasten '' Cuba 's progress toward democracy . 
  K: If bind causes hasten then recipient of bind is the same as agent of hasten

2065.S: He bought the deal because the case against him was a `` slam dunk , '' and he might have got the death penalty . 
  K: If buy causes get then agent of buy is the same as agent of get

2066.S: First , Saddam Hussein threatened to expel U.N. weapons inspectors if the United Nations does not lift sanctions within six months . 
  K: If threaten causes expel then agent of threaten is the same as agent of expel

2067.S: The U.S. media are now focusing on a military scenario , even as they continue to question its wisdom . 
  K: If continue causes question then agent of continue is the same as agent of question

2068.S: The U.S. media are now focusing on a military scenario , even as they continue to question its wisdom . 
  K: If continue causes question then agent of continue is the same as agent of question

2069.S: 2 -RRB- She appeared to be coached and directed by her friend/Svengali Susan Carpenter-McMillan . 
  K: If appear causes coach then agent of appear is the same as recipient of coach

2070.S: 2 -RRB- She appeared to be coached and directed by her friend/Svengali Susan Carpenter-McMillan . 
  K: If coach causes direct then recipient of coach is the same as recipient of direct

2071.S: 3 -RRB- Carpenter-McMillan seems to have been demoted for being a loose cannon . 
  K: If seem causes demote then agent of seem is the same as recipient of demote

2072.S: -LRB- Slate 's `` News Quiz '' asked participants what $ 353 referred to : Click here to read their speculations . -RRB- 
  K: If refer causes Click then recipient of refer is the same as agent of Click

2073.S: The Senate voted 80-19 to expand NATO to include Poland , Hungary , and the Czech Republic . 
  K: If expand causes include then recipient of expand is the same as agent of include

2074.S: James , upset because the law does n't authorize audible prayers , told its sponsor that it `` ai n't worth the damn paper it 's written on '' and `` ai n't going to require shit '' until Congress passes a law to back it up . 
  K: If n't go causes require then recipient of n't go is the same as agent of require

2075.S: Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates says the government is attacking innovation and endangering the U.S. economy . 
  K: If attack causes endanger then agent of attack is the same as agent of endanger

2076.S: The United States has told most Americans to leave . 
  K: If tell causes leave then recipient of tell is the same as agent of leave

2077.S: 2 -RRB- The army should refuse to support him . 
  K: If refuse causes support then agent of refuse is the same as agent of support

2078.S: She rejected the argument , advanced by the Secret Service and by President Clinton 's surrogates , that this would endanger presidents by causing them to evade the Secret Service personnel who are supposed to protect them . 
  K: If suppose causes protect then recipient of suppose is the same as agent of protect

2079.S: She rejected the argument , advanced by the Secret Service and by President Clinton 's surrogates , that this would endanger presidents by causing them to evade the Secret Service personnel who are supposed to protect them . 
  K: If cause causes evade then recipient of cause is the same as agent of evade

2080.S: -LRB- 6/1/98 -RRB- World nuclear powers are scrambling to defuse the India-Pakistan arms race . 
  K: If scramble causes defuse then agent of scramble is the same as agent of defuse

2081.S: Instead , they will ask India and Pakistan not to put their nukes on missiles . 
  K: If ask causes not put then recipient of ask is the same as agent of not put

2082.S: Gingrich replied that Clinton 's aides were trying `` to attack me when I am overseas trying to be helpful . '' 
  K: If try causes attack then agent of try is the same as agent of attack

2083.S: Cynics joked that once again , the government is tackling a high-tech monopoly just as it is beginning to lose its grip on the market . 
  K: If begin causes lose then agent of begin is the same as agent of lose

2084.S: She rejected the argument , advanced by the Secret Service and by President Clinton 's surrogates , that this would endanger presidents by causing them to evade the Secret Service personnel who are supposed to protect them . 
  K: If suppose causes protect then recipient of suppose is the same as agent of protect

2085.S: She rejected the argument , advanced by the Secret Service and by President Clinton 's surrogates , that this would endanger presidents by causing them to evade the Secret Service personnel who are supposed to protect them . 
  K: If cause causes evade then recipient of cause is the same as agent of evade

2086.S: Theories on why she did it : 1 -RRB- Unlike Ginsburg , Stein and Cacheris know how to defend high-profile Washington clients . 
  K: If know causes defend then agent of know is the same as agent of defend

2087.S: The district attorney wants to justify the death penalty by adding an additional felony charge , such as kidnapping . 
  K: If want causes justify then agent of want is the same as agent of justify

2088.S: The FBI wants to charge the men with violating Byrd 's civil rights . 
  K: If want causes charge then agent of want is the same as agent of charge

2089.S: Instead , the military immediately named Abacha 's top defense aide , a fellow general , to succeed him . 
  K: If name causes succeed then recipient of name is the same as agent of succeed

2090.S: -LRB- 6/22/98 -RRB- The Boston Globe forced metro columnist Patricia Smith to resign for fabricating quotes and characters . 
  K: If Patricia_Smith causes resign then agent of Patricia_Smith is the same as agent of resign

2091.S: 2 -RRB- National media are flocking to cover it . 
  K: If flock causes cover then agent of flock is the same as agent of cover

2092.S: The defendant is Ukrainian and is alleged to have told a companion , `` I shot the nigger . '' 
  K: If allege causes tell then recipient of allege is the same as agent of tell

2093.S: 2 -RRB- Even if an employee does not suffer adverse job consequences for rejecting a supervisor 's advances , the employer can be held liable unless a -RRB- the employer shows it `` exercised reasonable care to prevent and correct promptly any sexually harassing behavior '' and b -RRB- the employee `` unreasonably failed to take advantage of any preventive or corrective opportunities . '' 
  K: If fail causes take then agent of fail is the same as agent of take

2094.S: 2 -RRB- Even if an employee does not suffer adverse job consequences for rejecting a supervisor 's advances , the employer can be held liable unless a -RRB- the employer shows it `` exercised reasonable care to prevent and correct promptly any sexually harassing behavior '' and b -RRB- the employee `` unreasonably failed to take advantage of any preventive or corrective opportunities . '' 
  K: If fail causes take then agent of fail is the same as agent of take

2095.S: CBS executives say they wanted her out because she was stiff and amateurish and was n't helping the ratings . 
  K: If n't help causes want then agent of n't help is the same as agent of want

2096.S: -LRB- 7/1/98 -RRB- Israeli President Ezer Weizman blamed Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for blocking the peace process and urged him to call early elections . 
  K: If urge causes call then recipient of urge is the same as agent of call

2097.S: -LRB- 7/1/98 -RRB- Israeli President Ezer Weizman blamed Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for blocking the peace process and urged him to call early elections . 
  K: If urge causes call then recipient of urge is the same as agent of call

2098.S: Eventually the two leaders met and agreed to keep their criticisms private . 
  K: If meet causes agree then agent of meet is the same as agent of agree

2099.S: You want me to read a script , I 'll read it . '' 
  K: If want causes read then recipient of want is the same as agent of read

2100.S: -LRB- Jurors say that 's what made this case `` open and shut . '' -RRB- 
  K: If make causes shut then agent of make is the same as agent of shut

2101.S: 3 -RRB- Military law critics who prefer the civilian standard , under which adultery is rarely prosecuted . 
  K: If prefer causes prosecute then agent of prefer is the same as agent of prosecute

2102.S: -LRB- 7/17/98 -RRB- Lockheed Martin dropped its takeover of Northrop Grumman rather than continue to fight a federal antitrust suit . 
  K: If continue causes fight then agent of continue is the same as agent of fight

2103.S: This confirms a 1988 grand jury report that exonerated Pagones and suggested the Brawley `` rape '' was a hoax . 
  K: If exonerate causes suggest then agent of exonerate is the same as agent of suggest

2104.S: This confirms a 1988 grand jury report that exonerated Pagones and suggested the Brawley `` rape '' was a hoax . 
  K: If confirm causes suggest then recipient of confirm is the same as agent of suggest

2105.S: The advisers called the defamation case an attempt to silence those who challenge the white establishment and `` to punish three men who have clearly given their lives and their careers to help people who could not help themselves . '' 
  K: If give causes help then recipient of give is the same as agent of help

2106.S: The hardhearted spin : Sharpton continues to rationalize rather than recant or repent . 
  K: If continue causes rationalize then agent of continue is the same as agent of rationalize

2107.S: 3 -RRB- That nightmare scenario is just what Yeltsin wants us to envision . 
  K: If want causes envision then recipient of want is the same as agent of envision

2108.S: He was wounded and captured . 
  K: If wound causes capture then recipient of wound is the same as recipient of capture

2109.S: The answer , paranoid schizophrenia , is expected to provide Weston 's insanity defense . 
  K: If expect causes provide then recipient of expect is the same as agent of provide

2110.S: Members of Congress rushed forward to tell reporters how close they had come to being in the vicinity and , thereby , to possibly getting shot . 
  K: If rush causes tell then agent of rush is the same as agent of tell

2111.S: -LRB- 7/27/98 -RRB- Japan 's ruling Liberal Democratic Party selected Foreign Minister Keizo Obuchi to lead the LDP and thereby become prime minister . 
  K: If select causes lead then recipient of select is the same as agent of lead

2112.S: The sophisticated spin : The defendants were counting on the judge to bar her testimony so they could claim she was being silenced . 
  K: If count causes bar then agent of count is the same as agent of bar

2113.S: `` Mike '' and `` Diane , '' two supposedly 18-year-old virgins who were going to surrender their virginity live on the Internet , have confessed they are n't 18 , are n't virgins , and are n't planning to have sex . 
  K: If go causes surrender then agent of go is the same as agent of surrender

2114.S: The simplest version would allow each person 's medical records to be accessed by inputting his or her Social Security number . 
  K: If allow causes access then recipient of allow is the same as recipient of access

2115.S: -LRB- 7/31/98 -RRB- Monica Lewinsky reportedly has agreed to testify that President Clinton told her how to cover up their relationship . 
  K: If tell causes cover then recipient of tell is the same as agent of cover

2116.S: -LRB- 7/31/98 -RRB- Monica Lewinsky reportedly has agreed to testify that President Clinton told her how to cover up their relationship . 
  K: If agree causes testify then agent of agree is the same as agent of testify

2117.S: 4 -RRB- Testimony that Clinton and Lewinsky had sex will surprise nobody , and Lewinsky will say the president did not tell her directly to lie . 
  K: If not tell causes lie then recipient of not tell is the same as agent of lie

2118.S: 2 -RRB- This shows the 1996 Telecom Act has failed to promote competition , which may lead Congress to overhaul it next year . 
  K: If lead causes overhaul then recipient of lead is the same as agent of overhaul

2119.S: 2 -RRB- This shows the 1996 Telecom Act has failed to promote competition , which may lead Congress to overhaul it next year . 
  K: If lead causes overhaul then recipient of lead is the same as agent of overhaul

2120.S: 2 -RRB- This shows the 1996 Telecom Act has failed to promote competition , which may lead Congress to overhaul it next year . 
  K: If lead causes overhaul then recipient of lead is the same as agent of overhaul

2121.S: Republican commercials are laboring to make taxes and character the central issues of the presidential campaign . 
  K: If labor causes make then agent of labor is the same as agent of make

2122.S: -LRB- Voters believe that Clinton raised taxes and generally resist any argument that Democrats are better at reducing taxes . -RRB- 
  K: If raise causes reduce then recipient of raise is the same as recipient of reduce

2123.S: Initially , it does n't even bother to identify the substance of the attack . 
  K: If n't bother causes identify then agent of n't bother is the same as agent of identify

2124.S: Immigration continues to be social and political dynamite , and this spot tries to take the match out of Republican hands . 
  K: If try causes take then agent of try is the same as agent of take

2125.S: But Mark wants voters to know that he earned every penny himself . 
  K: If want causes know then recipient of want is the same as agent of know

2126.S: He 's too young , and there are too many self-congratulatory award ceremonies anyway , the ad seems to say . 
  K: If seem causes say then agent of seem is the same as agent of say

2127.S: Whatever it is , the ad seems to say , you can go there wearing your Slates , and still be yourself . 
  K: If seem causes say then agent of seem is the same as agent of say

2128.S: Who would bother to make up the extra $ 57 ? 
  K: If bother causes make then agent of bother is the same as agent of make

2129.S: It rips Dole 's economic proposal , but avoids calling it a tax cut . 
  K: If rip causes avoid then agent of rip is the same as agent of avoid

2130.S: It rips Dole 's economic proposal , but avoids calling it a tax cut . 
  K: If avoid causes call then agent of avoid is the same as recipient of call

2131.S: The advertisers deploy the images to persuade the well-off and upwardly mobile that Crown Royal should be the Chablis or chardonnay of their generation . 
  K: If deploy causes persuade then recipient of deploy is the same as agent of persuade

2132.S: Thus the ad hits its target -- but it never attempts to tell us why Crown Royal hits the spot . 
  K: If never attempt causes tell then agent of never attempt is the same as agent of tell

2133.S: Or so the company would like us to think . 
  K: If like causes think then recipient of like is the same as agent of think

2134.S: Man 's best friend , the ad seems to tell the best of men , is telling us that Crown Royal is man 's best drink . 
  K: If seem causes tell then agent of seem is the same as agent of tell

2135.S: The images become all the more powerful as the dappling of the water slows and the rain seems to stop . 
  K: If seem causes stop then agent of seem is the same as agent of stop

2136.S: The images become all the more powerful as the dappling of the water slows and the rain seems to stop . 
  K: If seem causes stop then agent of seem is the same as agent of stop

2137.S: The mother touches the child 's hand , and then , as the words invite us to wonder what would happen if she were gone , she apparently is . 
  K: If invite causes wonder then recipient of invite is the same as agent of wonder

2138.S: Fool 's opening is frontal , audacious , maybe foolish , but the Dole strategists obviously decided to take the chance . 
  K: If decide causes take then agent of decide is the same as agent of take

2139.S: The strategy here : to invite voters to judge on the basis of social , not economic , issues . 
  K: If invite causes judge then recipient of invite is the same as agent of judge

2140.S: The News attempts to set the campaign agenda . 
  K: If attempt causes set then agent of attempt is the same as agent of set

2141.S: Dole 's anti-drug slogan aside , the narrator informs us , he voted `` to cut the president 's school anti-drug efforts . '' 
  K: If vote causes cut then agent of vote is the same as agent of cut

2142.S: The Picture of Sen. Dorian Gray When campaign strategists politely invite voters to retire an incumbent , they 're said to be `` giving the opponent a gold watch . '' 
  K: If say causes give then recipient of say is the same as agent of give

2143.S: The Picture of Sen. Dorian Gray When campaign strategists politely invite voters to retire an incumbent , they 're said to be `` giving the opponent a gold watch . '' 
  K: If say causes give then recipient of say is the same as agent of give

2144.S: President Clinton himself decided to reject her demand that this ad be yanked off the air . 
  K: If decide causes reject then agent of decide is the same as agent of reject

2145.S: -LRB- The Clinton campaign has run plenty of negatives , but almost entirely focused on issues . -RRB- 
  K: If run causes focus then agent of run is the same as agent of focus

2146.S: This ad has to be seen to be appreciated . 
  K: If see causes appreciate then recipient of see is the same as recipient of appreciate

2147.S: MTV and the Comedy Channel routinely run the spots , but most network affiliates outside three markets -LRB- Boston , Seattle , and Chico , Calif. -RRB- have refused so far to show them . 
  K: If refuse causes show then agent of refuse is the same as agent of show

2148.S: It liberates the young rebel who 's doing what he has to do to get ahead , but who still does n't take it all too seriously . 
  K: If liberate causes n't take then agent of liberate is the same as recipient of n't take

2149.S: You 're supposed to drink Diet Coke because you like it , not because you have to drink it . 
  K: If like causes drink then agent of like is the same as agent of drink

2150.S: You 're supposed to drink Diet Coke because you like it , not because you have to drink it . 
  K: If like causes drink then recipient of like is the same as recipient of drink

2151.S: You 're supposed to drink Diet Coke because you like it , not because you have to drink it . 
  K: If suppose causes drink then recipient of suppose is the same as agent of drink

2152.S: You 're supposed to drink Diet Coke because you like it , not because you have to drink it . 
  K: If drink causes drink then agent of drink is the same as agent of drink

2153.S: You 're a rebel who refuses to leave your youth behind . 
  K: If refuse causes leave then agent of refuse is the same as agent of leave

2154.S: The idea seems to have worked : The ad emerged as one of the Super Bowl broadcast 's 10 most successful , according to USA Today 's people meter , a hand-held dial that registered the second-by-second reaction of a sample of 139 consumers . 
  K: If seem causes work then agent of seem is the same as agent of work

2155.S: The road clear , the policeman swivels to allow a man to cross the street . 
  K: If swivel causes allow then agent of swivel is the same as agent of allow

2156.S: An e-mail address and a phone number invite viewers to take up the gauntlet and become involved . 
  K: If invite causes take then recipient of invite is the same as agent of take

2157.S: Absolutely , the transition seems to say . 
  K: If seem causes say then agent of seem is the same as agent of say

2158.S: This is n't just a 60-second spot , we are supposed to decide ; more information is a mere phone call away . 
  K: If suppose causes decide then recipient of suppose is the same as agent of decide

2159.S: Capitalizing on a truth that has long stabilized cigarette marketing and sales -- namely , that if you 're going to hook new smokers , you have to catch 'em young -- it is one of several spots , some more controversial than others , that attack smoking . 
  K: If go causes hook then agent of go is the same as agent of hook

2160.S: And the NBA wants you to know that it 's sharing . 
  K: If want causes know then recipient of want is the same as agent of know

2161.S: It documents McGreevey 's efforts to amend the Ciba-Geigy bill , efforts that have been spun differently by each camp . 
  K: If document causes spin then recipient of document is the same as recipient of spin

2162.S: His initiative notwithstanding , he has come under fire for letting the Whitman administration undermine what the Pollution Prevention Act sought to achieve . 
  K: If seek causes achieve then recipient of seek is the same as agent of achieve

2163.S: The fish turns to face the camera , as if it might have one , and then swims away because , of course , we ca n't communicate down here . 
  K: If turn causes face then agent of turn is the same as agent of face

2164.S: Whom do you believe , it seems to ask , Clinton or Kennedy ? 
  K: If seem causes ask then agent of seem is the same as agent of ask

2165.S: The spot uses a tactic common among candidates who do n't want to take the in-your-face-negative route . 
  K: If n't want causes take then agent of n't want is the same as agent of take

2166.S: The visual limns an urban skyline , superimposing a sinister message -- `` Now the big banks want to take away your right to join a credit union '' -- over an unsourced headline : `` Tell banks to back off . '' 
  K: If Tell causes back then recipient of Tell is the same as agent of back

2167.S: The visual limns an urban skyline , superimposing a sinister message -- `` Now the big banks want to take away your right to join a credit union '' -- over an unsourced headline : `` Tell banks to back off . '' 
  K: If want causes take then agent of want is the same as agent of take

2168.S: And you 're given an 800 number , which is left on-screen through the succeeding scenes . 
  K: If give causes leave then recipient of give is the same as recipient of leave

2169.S: Index finger proudly raised , the hand 's relentless bobbing is meant to grate and does a fine job of it . 
  K: If mean causes grate then recipient of mean is the same as agent of grate

2170.S: No matter that some folks have a bigger lawn , these images are meant to say : What matters is heart , the desire to do good . 
  K: If mean causes say then recipient of mean is the same as agent of say

2171.S: And she has `` stuck with what she said she was going to do '' -LRB- there 's no denying that she cut income taxes -- so what if property taxes then went up ? -RRB- . 
  K: If cut causes go then recipient of cut is the same as agent of go

2172.S: The IFAW has videotaped atrocities , and while we are not made to witness a skinning or an impaling , we hear the pup crying and see hooks waving . 
  K: If not make causes witness then recipient of not make is the same as agent of witness

2173.S: The voice-over informs us that the United States is `` preparing to sign '' the global-warming treaty and the image warns us that there 's a catch -- or a cut . 
  K: If inform causes warn then recipient of inform is the same as recipient of warn

2174.S: Another is that all but the most xenophobic Americans recognize that Africa is so economically desperate that it ca n't afford to sacrifice anything . 
  K: If n't afford causes sacrifice then agent of n't afford is the same as agent of sacrifice

2175.S: CNN briefly refused to continue running this spot because , the sponsors alleged , Ted Turner 's wife , Jane Fonda , did n't approve . 
  K: If refuse causes continue then agent of refuse is the same as agent of continue

2176.S: Whenever viewers hear of the treaty again , the first thing they 're likely to think of is that map -- just as the phrase `` Clinton health plan '' came to trigger the picture of Harry and Louise being denied the right to choose their own doctor . 
  K: If come causes trigger then agent of come is the same as agent of trigger

2177.S: -LRB- Which end we want to call `` up '' is up to us . -RRB- 
  K: If want causes call then agent of want is the same as agent of call

2178.S: `` I 've never admitted it before , but I think I would . '' 
  K: If never admit causes think then agent of never admit is the same as agent of think

2179.S: The company is poised to begin digging on the dilapidated Nottinghamshire property . 
  K: If poise causes begin then recipient of poise is the same as agent of begin

2180.S: Earth 's balance was thrown off , and a massive migration was required to regain planetary equanimity . 
  K: If require causes regain then recipient of require is the same as agent of regain

2181.S: Poisoning , malaria , and heavy drinking have all been cited to explain the peculiar physical symptoms that accompanied his death . 
  K: If cite causes explain then recipient of cite is the same as agent of explain

2182.S: No sooner had work begun than the Chinese began to cry foul . 
  K: If begin causes cry then agent of begin is the same as agent of cry

2183.S: This encourages peasants to move in and begin farming the land . 
  K: If encourage causes begin then recipient of encourage is the same as agent of begin

2184.S: A thorough cleaning followed to remove the mold . 
  K: If follow causes remove then agent of follow is the same as agent of remove

2185.S: Encounter Group A new publishing house called Encounter Books will begin issuing right-of-center books , filling the void left by the Free Press , reports the Chronicle of Higher Education . 
  K: If begin causes issue then agent of begin is the same as recipient of issue

2186.S: Congress then has a maximum of 90 days to decide whether it wants to reject the presidential preference . 
  K: If want causes reject then agent of want is the same as agent of reject

2187.S: Clinton had hoped that Congress would vote to make MFN status a permanent fixture this year , thus ending this annual , largely symbolic fight . 
  K: If vote causes make then agent of vote is the same as agent of make

2188.S: Under Deng Xiaoping , Beijing actively sought to cultivate a good bilateral relationship . 
  K: If seek causes cultivate then agent of seek is the same as agent of cultivate

2189.S: Deng 's successors broadly favor cooperation , but lack the late paramount leader 's dominating influence . 
  K: If favor causes lack then agent of favor is the same as agent of lack

2190.S: Next , it wants to make sure that it can influence the outcome of the Legislative Council election , promised by May 1998 . 
  K: If want causes make then agent of want is the same as agent of make

2191.S: Western countries have urged China to conduct fair , competitive elections next year . 
  K: If urge causes conduct then recipient of urge is the same as agent of conduct

2192.S: Tung has vowed to crack down on property speculators , but many think his bark will be worse than his bite . 
  K: If vow causes crack then agent of vow is the same as agent of crack

2193.S: Still , Tung is likely to impose some short-term measures , such as a capital gains tax , to show that he is serious about tackling Hong Kong 's housing shortage , which is its most visible economic problem . 
  K: If impose causes show then recipient of impose is the same as agent of show

2194.S: The United States `` has gone too far to roll out the carpet . '' 
  K: If go causes roll then agent of go is the same as agent of roll

2195.S: But establishment heavies weighed in strongly enough to tilt the overall Sunday balance back toward `` engage . '' 
  K: If weigh causes tilt then agent of weigh is the same as agent of tilt

2196.S: He did introduce one new subject : the impending rewrite of the patent laws that -LRB- he says -RRB- will allow foreigners to steal U.S. inventions . 
  K: If allow causes steal then recipient of allow is the same as agent of steal

2197.S: `` Clearly , we 've got to strike the head , '' said Sam Donaldson on This Week . '' 
  K: If get causes strike then agent of get is the same as agent of strike

2198.S: Innuendos 97 : Fox News ' Brit Hume claimed on Fox News Sunday that the `` word around town '' has it that the Department of Justice -- which has failed to nail even one of the million Democrats guilty of campaign-finance violations -- is aggressively pursuing its investigation of former Republican National Committee chief Haley Barbour . 
  K: If fail causes nail then agent of fail is the same as agent of nail

2199.S: He 's got to structure it , '' said Liasson . 
  K: If get causes structure then recipient of get is the same as agent of structure

2200.S: They neglected to make this connection only because they failed to think of it , not because they respect her . 
  K: If fail causes respect then agent of fail is the same as agent of respect

2201.S: They neglected to make this connection only because they failed to think of it , not because they respect her . 
  K: If think causes respect then agent of think is the same as agent of respect

2202.S: They neglected to make this connection only because they failed to think of it , not because they respect her . 
  K: If neglect causes make then agent of neglect is the same as agent of make

2203.S: They neglected to make this connection only because they failed to think of it , not because they respect her . 
  K: If make causes respect then agent of make is the same as agent of respect

2204.S: Also , the increased scrutiny will give Freeh new `` freedom '' to continue his campaign-finance probe . 
  K: If give causes continue then recipient of give is the same as agent of continue

2205.S: Conservative commentarians damn the Kyoto treaty because they reject the global-warming science and fear the treaty 's economic repercussions -LRB- Charles Krauthammer , Inside Washington ; Robert Novak , CNN 's Capital Gang -RRB- . 
  K: If reject causes fear then agent of reject is the same as agent of fear

2206.S: Also working the Neville Chamberlain angle was Hunt , who said Hussein had `` the scruples of Hitler . '' 
  K: If work causes say then agent of work is the same as agent of say

2207.S: `` People are suspending judgment , not making judgment , '' Stephanopoulos says , a sentiment that Susan Page -LRB- CNN 's Late Edition -RRB- shares . 
  K: If suspend causes not make then recipient of suspend is the same as recipient of not make

2208.S: Punditus Interruptus II , The Sequel : One moment McLaughlin Group `` host '' John McLaughlin is asking Pat Buchanan to `` stop baiting '' Eleanor Clift . 
  K: If ask causes stop then recipient of ask is the same as agent of stop

2209.S: We need to think out our `` endgame '' before we begin any military initiative , argue David Gergen and Pat Buchanan -LRB- both on McLaughlin Group -RRB- . 
  K: If need causes think then agent of need is the same as agent of think

2210.S: We need to think out our `` endgame '' before we begin any military initiative , argue David Gergen and Pat Buchanan -LRB- both on McLaughlin Group -RRB- . 
  K: If think causes begin then agent of think is the same as agent of begin

2211.S: Kondracke screams back that he 's `` used them before , he 'll use them again . '' 
  K: If use causes use then recipient of use is the same as agent of use

2212.S: A distressed Novak gets off the best line on Issue 3 , the budget : The `` Republican Party was put on this earth by God to cut taxes ... and they 're not doing it ! '' 
  K: If put causes cut then recipient of put is the same as agent of cut

2213.S: Kate O'Beirne -LRB- CNN 's Capital Gang -RRB- and Pat Buchanan -LRB- The McLaughlin Group -RRB- think that Clinton wants Annan to negotiate a `` fig leaf , '' permitting the United States to bow out of war while retaining some shred of credibility . 
  K: If permit causes bow then recipient of permit is the same as agent of bow

2214.S: Kate O'Beirne -LRB- CNN 's Capital Gang -RRB- and Pat Buchanan -LRB- The McLaughlin Group -RRB- think that Clinton wants Annan to negotiate a `` fig leaf , '' permitting the United States to bow out of war while retaining some shred of credibility . 
  K: If permit causes bow then recipient of permit is the same as agent of bow

2215.S: Kate O'Beirne -LRB- CNN 's Capital Gang -RRB- and Pat Buchanan -LRB- The McLaughlin Group -RRB- think that Clinton wants Annan to negotiate a `` fig leaf , '' permitting the United States to bow out of war while retaining some shred of credibility . 
  K: If permit causes bow then recipient of permit is the same as agent of bow

2216.S: Jones ' fall has damaged Starr , maintain most liberals and centrists . 
  K: If damage causes centrists then agent of damage is the same as agent of centrists

2217.S: With the Jones matter resolved , the public and the pols will lean on Starr to finish his work pdq , say Thomas , Shields , Eleanor Clift -LRB- The McLaughlin Group -RRB- , and Juan Williams -LRB- Fox News Sunday -RRB- . 
  K: If lean causes finish then agent of lean is the same as agent of finish

2218.S: Hold a press conference to answer all Lewinsky questions tomorrow , thereby ending the circus immediately , advises Stephanopoulos . 
  K: If Hold causes answer then recipient of Hold is the same as agent of answer

2219.S: `` It goes this year to George Mitchell . '' 
  K: If go causes George_Mitchell then recipient of go is the same as agent of George_Mitchell

2220.S: If so , he 'd better hire Jimmy Smits to present it , because the camera is not his friend , retorts Taylor . 
  K: If hire causes present then recipient of hire is the same as agent of present

2221.S: ARepublican proposal allowing parents to spend tax-free dollars on private elementary and secondary schools is important because education is Public Issue No. 1 -LRB- Shields ; George Will and Cokie Roberts , ABC 's This Week -RRB- . 
  K: If allow causes spend then recipient of allow is the same as agent of spend

2222.S: Eleanor Clift -LRB- The McLaughlin Group -RRB- is not surprised at all : By playing the attack dog , Gingrich is simply `` reverting to form . '' 
  K: If revert causes form then agent of revert is the same as agent of form

2223.S: The GOP needs to shut Burton up and make the magisterial Henry Hyde , R-Ill. , the face of the GOP investigation , advises David Gergen -LRB- The McLaughlin Group -RRB- . 
  K: If need causes make then agent of need is the same as agent of make

2224.S: The GOP needs to shut Burton up and make the magisterial Henry Hyde , R-Ill. , the face of the GOP investigation , advises David Gergen -LRB- The McLaughlin Group -RRB- . 
  K: If shut causes make then agent of shut is the same as agent of make

2225.S: Bibi Netanyahu 's unwillingness to attend Monday 's Washington , D.C. , negotiations leads some to blame the White House negotiators and others to blame Israeli stubbornness . 
  K: If blame causes blame then recipient of blame is the same as agent of blame

2226.S: Well , no , that 's actually what Reno is supposed to investigate . 
  K: If suppose causes investigate then recipient of suppose is the same as agent of investigate

2227.S: The BJP , India 's ruling party , is merely making good on its recent campaign promise to test the devices -LRB- Margaret Carlson , CNN 's Capital Gang ; Sen. Daniel Patrick Moynihan , D-N.Y. , ABC 's This Week -RRB- . 
  K: If make causes test then agent of make is the same as agent of test

2228.S: Tempering the hard line are Susan Page and Steve Roberts -LRB- CNN 's Late Edition -RRB- , who say corporate soft money -- not foreign money -- is the real problem . 
  K: If Temper causes say then agent of Temper is the same as agent of say

2229.S: But , adds Al Hunt -LRB- CNN 's Capital Gang -RRB- , we should remember that even if Lindsey and Blumenthal are compelled to testify , it is unlikely the two ber - loyalists will spill very much . 
  K: If compel causes testify then recipient of compel is the same as agent of testify

2230.S: Possibly , Bakaly meant to give the impression that Starr has a good hand without formally stating anything , but more likely it was an unintentional snafu . 
  K: If mean causes give then agent of mean is the same as agent of give

2231.S: Will this hiccup lead Starr to offer Congress a preliminary report ? 
  K: If lead causes offer then recipient of lead is the same as agent of offer

2232.S: All the commentariat wants to know is : How will the races shape the scandal ? 
  K: If want causes know then agent of want is the same as agent of know

2233.S: The Republican Party leadership wants Starr to deliver nothing until after the elections -LRB- Shields ; George Will , This Week ; Gwen Ifill , NBC 's Meet The Press ; Tony Blankley , CNN 's Late Edition ; and David Bloom , Meet the Press -RRB- . 
  K: If want causes deliver then recipient of want is the same as agent of deliver

2234.S: Bob Woodward -LRB- Meet the Press -RRB- criticizes its conclusions , but agrees that the 28-page article is a laudable effort to `` put the press under a microscope . '' 
  K: If criticize causes agree then agent of criticize is the same as agent of agree

2235.S: Brill himself appeared on several of the shows to discuss Point 4 . 
  K: If appear causes discuss then agent of appear is the same as agent of discuss

2236.S: Eleanor Clift -LRB- The McLaughlin Group -RRB- believes Clinton needs to flatter his hosts as well as confront them -- she terms it `` a delicate dance . '' 
  K: If need causes flatter then agent of need is the same as agent of flatter

2237.S: The opinion also strengthens Monica Lewinsky 's hand , notes George Stephanopoulos -LRB- This Week -RRB- , because she can reasonably refuse to give a preview of her testimony , since the opinion holds that Starr misused Hubbell 's preview . 
  K: If refuse causes give then agent of refuse is the same as agent of give

2238.S: Mostly , though , the opinion mafia decides to spend time trading bons mots . 
  K: If decide causes spend then agent of decide is the same as agent of spend

2239.S: Well , actually they take a moment to discuss the politics of homosexuality too . 
  K: If take causes discuss then recipient of take is the same as agent of discuss

2240.S: Pundit Central cautions readers to beware of pundits bearing predictions -LRB- especially the prediction that Lewinsky 's testimony is imminent -RRB- . 
  K: If caution causes beware then recipient of caution is the same as agent of beware

2241.S: Shields is dumbstruck by Livingston 's slippery deftness but gets off this quip : `` I have no idea whose side you 're on or whom you 're defending but I know you just endorsed the New Testament . '' 
  K: If 're causes endorse then agent of 're is the same as agent of endorse

2242.S: Shields is dumbstruck by Livingston 's slippery deftness but gets off this quip : `` I have no idea whose side you 're on or whom you 're defending but I know you just endorsed the New Testament . '' 
  K: If defend causes endorse then agent of defend is the same as agent of endorse

2243.S: Shields is dumbstruck by Livingston 's slippery deftness but gets off this quip : `` I have no idea whose side you 're on or whom you 're defending but I know you just endorsed the New Testament . '' 
  K: If defend causes endorse then agent of defend is the same as agent of endorse

2244.S: The South Korean government news agency also said that the IMF had now agreed to consider the matter . 
  K: If agree causes consider then agent of agree is the same as agent of consider

2245.S: Therefore he killed the four students to send King Hussein a message . '' 
  K: If kill causes send then recipient of kill is the same as agent of send

2246.S: And the ploy seems to be working . 
  K: If seem causes work then agent of seem is the same as agent of work

2247.S: The organizers were now trying to persuade him to come without the orchestra , the newspaper added , `` but the chances of that seem rather remote . '' 
  K: If try causes persuade then agent of try is the same as agent of persuade

2248.S: `` Let 's laugh , if we want to , or let 's wax indignant ; but let us not forget to understand . '' 
  K: If not forget causes understand then agent of not forget is the same as agent of understand

2249.S: And she can not afford to fail . '' 
  K: If not afford causes fail then agent of not afford is the same as agent of fail

2250.S: Editorial opinion almost everywhere continued to be dominated by two hopes : 1 -RRB- that the American president , whatever his mistakes , should complete his term of office and 2 -RRB- that the crisis should be rapidly resolved . 
  K: If continue causes dominate then agent of continue is the same as recipient of dominate

2251.S: Another conservative British newspaper , the Sunday Telegraph , backed military action , although it said : `` When President Clinton orders cruise missiles to be fired and bombs to be dropped , it will not be Saddam Hussein who suffers . 
  K: If cruise causes fire then recipient of cruise is the same as recipient of fire

2252.S: Another conservative British newspaper , the Sunday Telegraph , backed military action , although it said : `` When President Clinton orders cruise missiles to be fired and bombs to be dropped , it will not be Saddam Hussein who suffers . 
  K: If fire causes drop then recipient of fire is the same as recipient of drop

2253.S: `` They have failed to find one , because there is n't one . 
  K: If fail causes find then agent of fail is the same as agent of find

2254.S: The Pioneer of India said it was appalled not by the idea of Clinton and Lewinsky having an affair but by `` the world 's refusal to be shocked by it . '' 
  K: If not appal causes shock then recipient of not appal is the same as agent of shock

2255.S: The Irish Independent led on chairman of the Ulster peace talks and former U.S. Sen. George Mitchell , who warned of fresh violence but continued to insist that a peace agreement `` can be done and will be done '' by the May 1 deadline . 
  K: If continue causes insist then agent of continue is the same as agent of insist

2256.S: It also accused the United States of hijacking the United Nations and `` taking for itself rights that the international community has not accorded it . '' 
  K: If accuse causes not accord then agent of accuse is the same as recipient of not accord

2257.S: All the British press speculated Monday on the reason why the British government had intervened to stop Sean Connery 's being awarded a knighthood by the queen : Was it his Scottish nationalism , or was it his attitude on violence toward women ? 
  K: If intervene causes stop then agent of intervene is the same as agent of stop

2258.S: Britain , which was also approached , had refused to help , it said . 
  K: If refuse causes help then agent of refuse is the same as agent of help

2259.S: He told the Independent of London he was `` adamant that my book will be read as I intended it to be read . '' 
  K: If intend causes read then recipient of intend is the same as recipient of read

2260.S: Changes to be announced shortly `` are not expected to alter the key part , where the demon is ordered to leave the person , but to shorten the accompanying prayers and invocations . '' 
  K: If not expect causes alter then recipient of not expect is the same as agent of alter

2261.S: Changes to be announced shortly `` are not expected to alter the key part , where the demon is ordered to leave the person , but to shorten the accompanying prayers and invocations . '' 
  K: If order causes leave then recipient of order is the same as agent of leave

2262.S: The editorial said it was `` encouraging that the Vatican considers exorcism worthy of modernisation , '' adding , `` It is reassuring to discover that the Vatican has not dropped its guard . '' 
  K: If reassure causes discover then agent of reassure is the same as agent of discover

2263.S: `` I agree entirely what has happened is unacceptable , '' he is supposed to have said . 
  K: If suppose causes say then recipient of suppose is the same as agent of say

2264.S: `` I agree entirely what has happened is unacceptable , '' he is supposed to have said . 
  K: If suppose causes say then recipient of suppose is the same as agent of say

2265.S: The Buenos Aires Herald reports on the retirement speech of former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet , who had continued to head Chile 's army . 
  K: If continue causes head then agent of continue is the same as agent of head

2266.S: He said that if Abacha were to contest the elections , `` he would not be violating any known Nigerian law or international norm . '' 
  K: If say causes not violate then agent of say is the same as agent of not violate

2267.S: `` It means that you are prepared to take and carry an illegal gun . 
  K: If take causes carry then agent of take is the same as agent of carry

2268.S: ... You must be prepared to break your mother 's heart . '' 
  K: If prepare causes break then recipient of prepare is the same as agent of break

2269.S: Now he says he plans to redecorate it . 
  K: If plan causes redecorate then agent of plan is the same as agent of redecorate

2270.S: The house does not deserve to be preserved historically . '' 
  K: If not deserve causes preserve then agent of not deserve is the same as recipient of preserve

2271.S: The Sunday Mirror published an `` exclusive '' front-page report that Blair was going to ask the queen to confer a knighthood on the chairman of the peace talks , former U.S. Sen. George Mitchell . 
  K: If go causes ask then agent of go is the same as agent of ask

2272.S: `` The Irish peace remains to be built , '' said the conservative Paris daily Le Figaro over its main front-page story . 
  K: If remain causes build then agent of remain is the same as recipient of build

2273.S: Bardot added she hopes one day to visit Serbia , `` simply , without tralala . '' 
  K: If hope causes visit then recipient of hope is the same as agent of visit

2274.S: Blair , who was forced to confirm the deal Wednesday , denied accusations of secretiveness , but editorials Thursday were predominantly critical of him . 
  K: If force causes confirm then recipient of force is the same as agent of confirm

2275.S: The offenders must `` recognize their debt and pay it off , '' the paper said . 
  K: If recognize causes pay then agent of recognize is the same as agent of pay

2276.S: The poisoned water made the mainly Indonesian detainees vomit blood and `` triggered riots which were brutally suppressed , '' the Observer said . '' 
  K: If suppress causes say then recipient of suppress is the same as agent of say

2277.S: The poisoned water made the mainly Indonesian detainees vomit blood and `` triggered riots which were brutally suppressed , '' the Observer said . '' 
  K: If suppress causes say then recipient of suppress is the same as agent of say

2278.S: `` If it does not test , the government might find it difficult to survive against the strong public reaction . '' 
  K: If not test causes survive then agent of not test is the same as agent of survive

2279.S: `` And if they want to know what the Americans are doing , sadly the Americans do not know it themselves . '' 
  K: If want causes know then agent of want is the same as agent of know

2280.S: `` However , President Clinton obviously wants to establish the point that the US is the sole leader of the global disarmanent movement , '' it said . 
  K: If want causes establish then agent of want is the same as agent of establish

2281.S: `` It looks like the bad old days are back again , '' it concluded . 
  K: If look causes conclude then agent of look is the same as agent of conclude

2282.S: `` The Prime Minister has , through timidity and ineptness , helped to make this monster . 
  K: If help causes make then agent of help is the same as agent of make

2283.S: Other whines : `` They do n't want the English to win . 
  K: If n't want causes win then recipient of n't want is the same as agent of win

2284.S: Meanwhile , air transport needs to be brought within World Trade Organization rules , the editorial added . 
  K: If need causes bring then agent of need is the same as recipient of bring

2285.S: ... Tina knew how to inflame debate . 
  K: If know causes inflame then agent of know is the same as agent of inflame

2286.S: Calling him a man `` who came to be revered by kings and vagabonds alike , '' the Star said : `` Madiba , we wish you health , wealth , happiness and , most of all , we wish you love . 
  K: If come causes revere then agent of come is the same as recipient of revere

2287.S: The Japan Times said Tuesday that Chinese Prime Minister Zhu Rongji `` may be obliged to reconsider his pledge to hold steady the value of the currency . 
  K: If oblige causes reconsider then recipient of oblige is the same as agent of reconsider

2288.S: If he admits to having lied , he will be found guilty of perjury . '' 
  K: If admit causes find then agent of admit is the same as recipient of find

2289.S: No paper appeared to have collected any comments by Kabila himself on the uprising . 
  K: If appear causes collect then agent of appear is the same as agent of collect

2290.S: A Netanyahu aide observed , `` If we allow our fear of retaliation to dictate our action or inaction , we will have handed the terrorists the ultimate victory . '' 
  K: If allow causes dictate then recipient of allow is the same as agent of dictate

2291.S: `` He still appears to think that the affair is a right-wing conspiracy , and he can not see what he did wrong . '' 
  K: If appear causes think then agent of appear is the same as agent of think

2292.S: Monica said she now spends most of her time on the telephone and almost never watches television . 
  K: If spend causes never watch then agent of spend is the same as agent of never watch

2293.S: Whenever he departs , he will leave a sad legacy . '' 
  K: If depart causes leave then agent of depart is the same as agent of leave

2294.S: But now , although he is politically weaker , neither Nato nor Washington has given him cause to believe that the West means business . '' 
  K: If cause causes believe then agent of cause is the same as agent of believe

2295.S: The U.S. Constitution required Congress to pass similar copyright laws . 
  K: If require causes pass then recipient of require is the same as agent of pass

2296.S: Also , the doctrine of `` fair use '' allows writers to quote limited sections of a work , as long as it is germane , properly attributed , and does n't undercut sales of the original . 
  K: If allow causes quote then recipient of allow is the same as agent of quote

2297.S: Plagiarists want to get caught . 
  K: If want causes catch then agent of want is the same as recipient of catch

2298.S: Academics plagiarize more regularly than nonacademics , prompting Mallon 's theory that professors are let off the hook to plagiarize again because their colleagues are too embarrassed to punish them . 
  K: If embarrass causes punish then recipient of embarrass is the same as agent of punish

2299.S: Not surprisingly , the immigration system is set up to benefit the United States -- only a small percentage of the people who would like to come here are allowed in , and only a tiny fraction of the ones who make that cut are allowed to stay indefinitely . 
  K: If set causes benefit then recipient of set is the same as agent of benefit

2300.S: Although the INS negotiated its largest work-site settlement last year , when a Texas restaurant chain agreed to pay a $ 1.7-million fine for hiring and employing illegal immigrant workers , critics claim that Congress does n't do enough to punish employers who make extensive use of illegal labor . 
  K: If agree causes pay then agent of agree is the same as agent of pay

2301.S: It will ignore not only Travelgate , Filegate , and Vince Foster , topics he has spent years and millions studying , but also Whitewater , the scandal he was appointed to investigate lo these many years ago . 
  K: If appoint causes investigate then recipient of appoint is the same as agent of investigate

2302.S: No matter what these scandals involved , they served primarily to justify Flytrap , a way to sanitize the sex scandal . 
  K: If serve causes justify then agent of serve is the same as agent of justify

2303.S: The new Monica sounded sweetly sympathetic : She told a friend `` it breaks my heart '' to testify and said all she wanted for her 25 th birthday was `` my life back . '' 
  K: If tell causes want then agent of tell is the same as agent of want

2304.S: If Clinton were going to apologize , Lewinsky 's new image would be safe . 
  K: If go causes apologize then agent of go is the same as agent of apologize

2305.S: If Monica must be killed to save the president , she will be killed -LRB- metaphorically speaking , of course -RRB- . 
  K: If kill causes save then recipient of kill is the same as agent of save

2306.S: The Republicans ' new strategy seems to be : -LRB- Possibly -RRB- Forgive and -LRB- Maybe -RRB- Forget . 
  K: If Forgive causes Forget then agent of Forgive is the same as agent of Forget

2307.S: Surveys have been jiggered and rejiggered to find some way , any way , 50 percent of Americans would back impeachment . 
  K: If jiggered causes rejiggered then recipient of jiggered is the same as recipient of rejiggered

2308.S: Even if Republicans decide later that they do n't actually forgive and forget , it may be too late . 
  K: If n't forgive causes forget then agent of n't forgive is the same as agent of forget

2309.S: On This Week , George Stephanopoulos all but implored his former boss to cut his losses and apologize . 
  K: If implore causes apologize then recipient of implore is the same as agent of apologize

2310.S: Clinton might claim that Hillary surreptitiously collected his semen and smeared it on the dress . 
  K: If collect causes smear then agent of collect is the same as agent of smear

2311.S: This I ca n't bear to explain . 
  K: If n't bear causes explain then agent of n't bear is the same as agent of explain

2312.S: -LRB- He ducked the press and entered through a side door . -RRB- 
  K: If duck causes enter then agent of duck is the same as agent of enter

2313.S: -LRB- If that were my name , I might not want to talk about the scandal either . -RRB- 
  K: If not want causes talk then agent of not want is the same as agent of talk

2314.S: Today 's business is a class action lawsuit reform bill that everyone seems to agree with . 
  K: If seem causes agree then agent of seem is the same as agent of agree

2315.S: But the Judiciary Committee , bless its heart , is a committee that can disagree to agree . 
  K: If disagree causes agree then agent of disagree is the same as agent of agree

2316.S: Goodlatte ignores Frank and raises his own voice further . 
  K: If ignore causes raise then agent of ignore is the same as agent of raise

2317.S: I present a scoop -- Monica 's only public , audible statement : `` Can I put a phone in here ? 
  K: If present causes put then agent of present is the same as agent of put

2318.S: They are not , sadly , a muttered `` I 'm going to destroy El Schmucko ! '' 
  K: If go causes destroy then agent of go is the same as agent of destroy

2319.S: The first question sufficed , but Monica felt so unsure that she asked the second question . 
  K: If suffice causes ask then agent of suffice is the same as recipient of ask

2320.S: Monica gets out first and opens the courthouse door . 
  K: If get causes open then agent of get is the same as agent of open

2321.S: The contempt measure is expected to pass but , appropriately for this theatrical day , it is a theatrical gesture : The full House is highly unlikely to approve such an inflammatory action . 
  K: If expect causes pass then recipient of expect is the same as agent of pass

2322.S: The NYT reports that President Clinton has decided to make national educational standards testing a centerpiece of his second-term agenda . 
  K: If decide causes make then agent of decide is the same as agent of make

2323.S: They are estimated to cost $ 22 million to develop . 
  K: If estimate causes cost then recipient of estimate is the same as agent of cost

2324.S: USAT has a story about how the royal family offered to restore the title of Her Royal Highness posthumously -LRB- and was turned down by the Spencer family -RRB- . 
  K: If offer causes restore then agent of offer is the same as agent of restore

2325.S: USAT has a story about how the royal family offered to restore the title of Her Royal Highness posthumously -LRB- and was turned down by the Spencer family -RRB- . 
  K: If restore causes turn then agent of restore is the same as agent of turn

2326.S: But the LAT emphasizes instead Netanyahu 's resistance , saying that he `` rebuffed '' Albright 's `` appeal to cease economic restrictions to encourage the Palestinian Authority to crack down on terrorism . '' 
  K: If encourage causes crack then recipient of encourage is the same as agent of crack

2327.S: But the LAT emphasizes instead Netanyahu 's resistance , saying that he `` rebuffed '' Albright 's `` appeal to cease economic restrictions to encourage the Palestinian Authority to crack down on terrorism . '' 
  K: If encourage causes crack then recipient of encourage is the same as agent of crack

2328.S: The WSJ `` Washington Wire '' reports that the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration `` advises its staff not to comment on inquiries about whether Princess Diana could have survived her car crash if she had worn a seat belt . '' 
  K: If advise causes not comment then recipient of advise is the same as agent of not comment

2329.S: The Times declares the dramatic $ 368.5 billion tobacco deal , which promised to revolutionize the marketing and regulation of cigarettes when it was proposed three months ago , `` all but dead . '' 
  K: If promise causes revolutionize then agent of promise is the same as agent of revolutionize

2330.S: The paper reports that although the White House helped shaped the deal , it has steadily backed away from it -- so much so that President Clinton is being urged by advisors to offer only a general outline of a national tobacco policy rather than a detailed piece of legislation . 
  K: If urge causes offer then recipient of urge is the same as agent of offer

2331.S: The paper reports that although the White House helped shaped the deal , it has steadily backed away from it -- so much so that President Clinton is being urged by advisors to offer only a general outline of a national tobacco policy rather than a detailed piece of legislation . 
  K: If urge causes offer then recipient of urge is the same as agent of offer

2332.S: The paper reports that although the White House helped shaped the deal , it has steadily backed away from it -- so much so that President Clinton is being urged by advisors to offer only a general outline of a national tobacco policy rather than a detailed piece of legislation . 
  K: If urge causes offer then recipient of urge is the same as agent of offer

2333.S: The paper reports that although the White House helped shaped the deal , it has steadily backed away from it -- so much so that President Clinton is being urged by advisors to offer only a general outline of a national tobacco policy rather than a detailed piece of legislation . 
  K: If urge causes offer then recipient of urge is the same as agent of offer

2334.S: They used to freely share numbers , but now they charge each other through the nose . 
  K: If use causes charge then agent of use is the same as agent of charge

2335.S: They used to freely share numbers , but now they charge each other through the nose . 
  K: If share causes charge then agent of share is the same as agent of charge

2336.S: The Senate has unanimously approved the amendment , which now awaits House action . 
  K: If approve causes await then recipient of approve is the same as agent of await

2337.S: The paper points out that Clinton is trying to address the former problem by ensuring that a $ 4.5-billion annual nontest-explosion research program will adequately maintain the nation 's nuke stockpile . 
  K: If try causes address then agent of try is the same as agent of address

2338.S: The WP media column points out that coverage of the Marv Albert trial seems to be filling journalism 's OJ void . 
  K: If seem causes fill then agent of seem is the same as agent of fill

2339.S: The company , says the paper , prefers to sweep its dirt under the rug to protect its dominant share of the testing business instead of spending the money to tighten security . 
  K: If prefer causes sweep then agent of prefer is the same as agent of sweep

2340.S: It was easy to get Clinton to make touch-up calls , a Democratic fund-raiser told the paper : `` The president loves to schmooze on the phone . '' 
  K: If love causes schmooze then agent of love is the same as agent of schmooze

2341.S: It was easy to get Clinton to make touch-up calls , a Democratic fund-raiser told the paper : `` The president loves to schmooze on the phone . '' 
  K: If love causes schmooze then agent of love is the same as agent of schmooze

2342.S: It was easy to get Clinton to make touch-up calls , a Democratic fund-raiser told the paper : `` The president loves to schmooze on the phone . '' 
  K: If love causes schmooze then agent of love is the same as agent of schmooze

2343.S: It was easy to get Clinton to make touch-up calls , a Democratic fund-raiser told the paper : `` The president loves to schmooze on the phone . '' 
  K: If love causes schmooze then agent of love is the same as agent of schmooze

2344.S: Ross had never held elective office before and got the nod mostly on the strength of her New Republic cover story savaging Bill Clinton 's health care reform plan , which was widely credited with helping to sink it . 
  K: If savage causes credit then recipient of savage is the same as recipient of credit

2345.S: -LRB- Both the NYT and LAT report that he told the head of MCI that if he wanted to join WorldCom he 'd have to come to work earlier . -RRB- 
  K: If want causes join then agent of want is the same as agent of join

2346.S: The core problem apparently was that the FBI wanted to focus on the president , vice president , and other senior officials , but the Justice Department attorneys wanted a `` bottom up '' investigation . 
  K: If want causes focus then agent of want is the same as agent of focus

2347.S: USAT , the NYT and the LAT each report that one segment of the tapes appears to show then-DNC Chairman Don Fowler being offered five checks by an unidentified attendee . 
  K: If appear causes show then agent of appear is the same as agent of show

2348.S: USAT reports that campaign finance hearing chairman Sen. Fred Thompson calls this episode a deliberate effort to `` delay and obstruct . '' 
  K: If call causes obstruct then agent of call is the same as agent of obstruct

2349.S: But responsibility was the last thing Netanyahu was hoping to take , and his goal was far more than assassination . 
  K: If hope causes take then agent of hope is the same as agent of take

2350.S: ` Shelby told me he 's been through four publishers and does n't want to do this anymore , ' said Metro Editor Leo Wolinsky . 
  K: If tell causes n't want then agent of tell is the same as agent of n't want

2351.S: Perhaps the most plausible explanation offered is this : American criminals increasingly tend to commit violent crimes rather than non-violent ones . 
  K: If tend causes commit then agent of tend is the same as agent of commit

2352.S: The French , not to be outdone , intend to pay nothing extra . 
  K: If intend causes pay then agent of intend is the same as agent of pay

2353.S: Last spring , the Wall Street Journal reported that Chrysler had adopted a policy of requiring magazines where it advertised to give it advance notice and pre-publication content summaries of controversial articles . 
  K: If advertise causes give then agent of advertise is the same as agent of give

2354.S: The decision was made by a federal maritime commission and could be overturned by Clinton . 
  K: If make causes overturn then recipient of make is the same as recipient of overturn

2355.S: The Times wonders whether the adjustments will hurt oversize vehicle sales , but goes on to observe that their owners are perhaps too prosperous to be affected , reporting that the typical Chevrolet Suburban buyer is now more affluent than the typical Cadillac buyer , and that the average household buying a Range Rover or Lexus LX450 makes $ 360,000 a year . 
  K: If go causes observe then agent of go is the same as agent of observe

2356.S: The NYT uses the latest round of presidential videotapes to serve up a one-two anti-Clinton punch . 
  K: If use causes serve then recipient of use is the same as agent of serve

2357.S: This was a local story that became a national one when Israel 's earlier pronouncement that he could not be extradited had appeared to threaten U.S.-Israeli relations . 
  K: If appear causes threaten then agent of appear is the same as agent of threaten

2358.S: President Clinton is expected to endorse all this , although , the Times points out , nobody has explained how these new rights would be enforced . 
  K: If expect causes endorse then recipient of expect is the same as agent of endorse

2359.S: Sen. Fred Thompson , says the paper , will invite both Dole and Bill Clinton to testify . 
  K: If invite causes testify then recipient of invite is the same as agent of testify

2360.S: Unless they 're carrying their own long positions , they make money on their transactions either way . 
  K: If carry causes make then agent of carry is the same as agent of make

2361.S: The U.S. is considering a response and discussing the situation with its allies . 
  K: If consider causes discuss then agent of consider is the same as agent of discuss

2362.S: Is n't it amazing that they all waited to retire before telling us how they really feel ? 
  K: If wait causes retire then agent of wait is the same as agent of retire

2363.S: -LRB- The Air Force will study and fly the aircraft , the DOD says . -RRB- 
  K: If study causes fly then agent of study is the same as agent of fly

2364.S: Meanwhile , says the paper , Hussein made a statement on Iraqi television that appeared to be bucking up his countrymen to continue the impasse . 
  K: If appear causes buck then agent of appear is the same as agent of buck

2365.S: The au pair reversal of fortune leads USA Today -- and takes lot of prime front-page space elsewhere . 
  K: If lead causes take then agent of lead is the same as agent of take

2366.S: The father 's quote : `` God gave us those kids and he wants us to raise them , '' makes everybody 's story . 
  K: If want causes raise then recipient of want is the same as agent of raise

2367.S: The father 's quote : `` God gave us those kids and he wants us to raise them , '' makes everybody 's story . 
  K: If want causes raise then recipient of want is the same as agent of raise

2368.S: USAT also front-pages the item , and says Saddam 's 47 palaces form the bulk of the contested sites . 
  K: If front causes say then agent of front is the same as agent of say

2369.S: The LAT has two front-pagers : The lead says summit heads want to reassure global investors of Asia 's stability ; the other story claims the public is pressuring Japan to rescue its ailing banks . 
  K: If pressure causes rescue then recipient of pressure is the same as agent of rescue

2370.S: The LAT has two front-pagers : The lead says summit heads want to reassure global investors of Asia 's stability ; the other story claims the public is pressuring Japan to rescue its ailing banks . 
  K: If want causes reassure then agent of want is the same as agent of reassure

2371.S: A front-page NYT story says the International Monetary Fund has agreed to bail out the ailing South Korean economy . 
  K: If agree causes bail then agent of agree is the same as agent of bail

2372.S: Also , Chelsea Clinton continues to thrive at Stanford . -RRB- 
  K: If continue causes thrive then agent of continue is the same as agent of thrive

2373.S: And USAT and the LAT report that Sen. Orrin Hatch plans on asking Freeh to open up his own investigation of these matters independent of Reno 's . 
  K: If ask causes open then recipient of ask is the same as agent of open

2374.S: But even the Times could have elaborated on this to help the reader try to decide what Khatemi 's statements are worth . 
  K: If try causes decide then agent of try is the same as agent of decide

2375.S: But even the Times could have elaborated on this to help the reader try to decide what Khatemi 's statements are worth . 
  K: If elaborate causes help then agent of elaborate is the same as agent of help

2376.S: The NYT lead reports that the Pentagon anthrax inoculation program will consist of a series of six shots to start with and then annual boosters . 
  K: If consist causes start then agent of consist is the same as agent of start

2377.S: Completion of the program will take six years and cost $ 130 million . 
  K: If take causes cost then agent of take is the same as agent of cost

2378.S: The LAT says that experts think the Asian crisis will cost California up to 65,000 new jobs next year and will cause export growth to slow . 
  K: If say causes cause then agent of say is the same as agent of cause

2379.S: The story quotes unidentified EPA officials saying that the automakers ' proposals offer an acceptable compromise , which will produce cleaner air . 
  K: If offer causes produce then recipient of offer is the same as agent of produce

2380.S: The Wall Street Journal reports that the U.S. Postal Service plans to issue a philanthropy stamp next year that will depict a bee pollinating a flower and will bear the words : `` Giving and Sharing : an American Tradition . '' 
  K: If plan causes issue then agent of plan is the same as agent of issue

2381.S: The papers all note that upon his victory , Kim pledged to implement the IMF-crafted economic bailout that was already agreed to by the current government . 
  K: If pledge causes implement then agent of pledge is the same as agent of implement

2382.S: The WP and LAT fronts report on that nearly $ 5 million verdict won by actress Hunter Tylo , who sued because she was hired to play a seductress on ` Melrose Place ' but was then fired by producer Aaron Spelling 's company when it was revealed she was pregnant . 
  K: If hire causes play then recipient of hire is the same as agent of play

2383.S: The WP and LAT fronts report on that nearly $ 5 million verdict won by actress Hunter Tylo , who sued because she was hired to play a seductress on ` Melrose Place ' but was then fired by producer Aaron Spelling 's company when it was revealed she was pregnant . 
  K: If win causes fire then agent of win is the same as recipient of fire

2384.S: The WP and LAT fronts report on that nearly $ 5 million verdict won by actress Hunter Tylo , who sued because she was hired to play a seductress on ` Melrose Place ' but was then fired by producer Aaron Spelling 's company when it was revealed she was pregnant . 
  K: If hire causes play then recipient of hire is the same as agent of play

2385.S: USA Today calls the conviction on conspiracy and manslaughter counts but acquittal on 1st-degree murder charges `` a surprising compromise . '' 
  K: If call causes acquittal then agent of call is the same as agent of acquittal

2386.S: When the papers strive to make sense of the verdict , they tend to look that way too . 
  K: If strive causes make then agent of strive is the same as agent of make

2387.S: -LRB- Surely not helping to build a bomb . -RRB- 
  K: If help causes build then agent of help is the same as agent of build

2388.S: The government cut back on its famed social programs and laid off 45,000 -LRB- 14 % -RRB- of its federal employees . 
  K: If cut causes lay then agent of cut is the same as agent of lay

2389.S: Yesterday , the WP reports , Clinton said he 'd asked the White House counsel to study the ethical and legal requirements governing future fund-raising efforts . 
  K: If ask causes study then recipient of ask is the same as agent of study

2390.S: The Wall Street Journal passes along word that millionaires continue to proliferate . 
  K: If continue causes proliferate then agent of continue is the same as agent of proliferate

2391.S: Readers are advised to clip and save these for when the car companies howl the next time the federal government tries to lower fuel economy and emission standards . 
  K: If try causes lower then agent of try is the same as agent of lower

2392.S: Readers are advised to clip and save these for when the car companies howl the next time the federal government tries to lower fuel economy and emission standards . 
  K: If advise causes save then recipient of advise is the same as agent of save

2393.S: Indeed , the Times notes , no president has even tried to offer a balanced one since 1971 . 
  K: If try causes offer then agent of try is the same as agent of offer

2394.S: The Times makes it clear that the judge can only recommend sentence conditions , which ultimately are determined by prison officials . 
  K: If recommend causes determine then recipient of recommend is the same as recipient of determine

2395.S: And the Times has the detail that Yousef was also ordered to pay a $ 4.5 million fine and restitution of $ 250 million , because , said Duffy , leaving no Oliver Stone unturned , `` someday I can see someone being perverse enough to buy your story . '' 
  K: If order causes pay then recipient of order is the same as agent of pay

2396.S: Apparently , when Navy investigators called AOL to identify the profilee , AOL supplied the man 's name . 
  K: If call causes identify then recipient of call is the same as agent of identify

2397.S: Complainers have been known to be thrown out of buildings or beheaded . 
  K: If know causes throw then recipient of know is the same as recipient of throw

2398.S: Often , says the paper , the Jews were forced to work for little or no pay , and even forced to pay special taxes to defray the expenses of their confinement . 
  K: If force causes work then recipient of force is the same as agent of work

2399.S: Often , says the paper , the Jews were forced to work for little or no pay , and even forced to pay special taxes to defray the expenses of their confinement . 
  K: If force causes pay then recipient of force is the same as agent of pay

2400.S: Despite all the budget euphoria swirling about , business writer Allan Sloan uses his WP column to point out a familiar but forgotten fact : There is no surplus if you eschew `` fedmath '' and instead calculate assets and liabilities the way a business does , i.e. , not letting the government 's pension system , Social Security , be used to draw down the deficit . 
  K: If use causes draw then recipient of use is the same as agent of draw

2401.S: The Wall Street Journal reports that two-thirds of U.S. households have answering machines and that fully half of those use them to screen incoming calls . 
  K: If use causes screen then recipient of use is the same as agent of screen

2402.S: The paper also states that China was wavering on the Security Council action , but was finally brought along by the decision to `` deplore '' Iraq 's behavior rather than `` condemn '' it . 
  K: If bring causes deplore then recipient of bring is the same as agent of deplore

2403.S: The paper also states that China was wavering on the Security Council action , but was finally brought along by the decision to `` deplore '' Iraq 's behavior rather than `` condemn '' it . 
  K: If bring causes deplore then recipient of bring is the same as agent of deplore

2404.S: Because she still adores him , and she wants to signal him about how he can protect himself when he testifies . 
  K: If adore causes want then agent of adore is the same as agent of want

2405.S: Because she still adores him , and she wants to signal him about how he can protect himself when he testifies . 
  K: If want causes signal then agent of want is the same as agent of signal

2406.S: They wanted to signal the agents that there is plenty of damning evidence of an affair , so that the agents would know not to lie to protect Clinton . 
  K: If know causes not lie then agent of know is the same as agent of not lie

2407.S: They wanted to signal the agents that there is plenty of damning evidence of an affair , so that the agents would know not to lie to protect Clinton . 
  K: If not lie causes protect then agent of not lie is the same as agent of protect

2408.S: They wanted to signal the agents that there is plenty of damning evidence of an affair , so that the agents would know not to lie to protect Clinton . 
  K: If not lie causes protect then agent of not lie is the same as agent of protect

2409.S: They wanted to signal the agents that there is plenty of damning evidence of an affair , so that the agents would know not to lie to protect Clinton . 
  K: If want causes signal then agent of want is the same as agent of signal

2410.S: They wanted to signal the agents that there is plenty of damning evidence of an affair , so that the agents would know not to lie to protect Clinton . 
  K: If know causes not lie then agent of know is the same as agent of not lie

2411.S: They wanted to signal the agents that there is plenty of damning evidence of an affair , so that the agents would know not to lie to protect Clinton . 
  K: If not lie causes protect then agent of not lie is the same as agent of protect

2412.S: They wanted to signal the agents that there is plenty of damning evidence of an affair , so that the agents would know not to lie to protect Clinton . 
  K: If not lie causes protect then agent of not lie is the same as agent of protect

2413.S: They wanted to signal the agents that there is plenty of damning evidence of an affair , so that the agents would know not to lie to protect Clinton . 
  K: If signal causes not lie then recipient of signal is the same as agent of not lie

2414.S: They wanted to signal the agents that there is plenty of damning evidence of an affair , so that the agents would know not to lie to protect Clinton . 
  K: If know causes not lie then agent of know is the same as agent of not lie

2415.S: They wanted to signal the agents that there is plenty of damning evidence of an affair , so that the agents would know not to lie to protect Clinton . 
  K: If not lie causes protect then agent of not lie is the same as agent of protect

2416.S: They wanted to signal the agents that there is plenty of damning evidence of an affair , so that the agents would know not to lie to protect Clinton . 
  K: If not lie causes protect then agent of not lie is the same as agent of protect

2417.S: They are doing this to pressure Clinton to apologize . 
  K: If pressure causes apologize then recipient of pressure is the same as agent of apologize

2418.S: `` I do n't want anything on his desk , and I do n't want to see his hands . 
  K: If n't want causes n't want then agent of n't want is the same as agent of n't want

2419.S: He has developed this beatific smile , and I would want to show that . 
  K: If want causes show then agent of want is the same as agent of show

2420.S: Pundits are reduced to flogging thirdhand and fourthhand rumors . 
  K: If reduce causes flog then recipient of reduce is the same as agent of flog

2421.S: She refuses to let him humiliate her . 
  K: If refuse causes let then agent of refuse is the same as agent of let

2422.S: I think we 're going to find some other things . ' '' 
  K: If go causes find then agent of go is the same as agent of find

2423.S: I am not going to add anything . 
  K: If not go causes add then agent of not go is the same as agent of add

2424.S: When everyone eventually tires of this thrust and parry . 
  K: If eventually causes parry then agent of eventually is the same as agent of parry

2425.S: This is not the audience of average Americans who are supposed to watch Clinton apologize , forgive him , and -- to use the night 's phrase -- `` move on with their lives . '' 
  K: If suppose causes watch then recipient of suppose is the same as agent of watch

2426.S: Nobody expected Clinton to make a baldfaced confession : `` The American people need to know if their president is a lech . 
  K: If expect causes make then recipient of expect is the same as agent of make

2427.S: Nobody expected Clinton to make a baldfaced confession : `` The American people need to know if their president is a lech . 
  K: If need causes know then agent of need is the same as agent of know

2428.S: But I think almost everyone expected him to at least admit it . 
  K: If expect causes admit then recipient of expect is the same as agent of admit

2429.S: What does it mean to `` take complete responsibility '' ? 
  K: If mean causes take then agent of mean is the same as agent of take

2430.S: Clinton is the one who screwed -LRB- or whatever -RRB- the 22-year-old intern and tried to cover it up . 
  K: If try causes cover then agent of try is the same as agent of cover

2431.S: Clinton is the one who screwed -LRB- or whatever -RRB- the 22-year-old intern and tried to cover it up . 
  K: If try causes cover then agent of try is the same as agent of cover

2432.S: But you are no longer permitted to say the basic question is unclear or you need more time to think . 
  K: If permit causes say then recipient of permit is the same as agent of say

2433.S: What was one , just one , of the questions that Clinton refused to answer ? 
  K: If refuse causes answer then agent of refuse is the same as agent of answer

2434.S: a -RRB- Hillary urged him to fight back , not roll over . 
  K: If urge causes fight then recipient of urge is the same as agent of fight

2435.S: b -RRB- He knew Starr would n't care how apologetic he was , so he decided to take the offensive and win the PR war . 
  K: If decide causes win then agent of decide is the same as agent of win

2436.S: b -RRB- He knew Starr would n't care how apologetic he was , so he decided to take the offensive and win the PR war . 
  K: If know causes win then agent of know is the same as agent of win

2437.S: b -RRB- He knew Starr would n't care how apologetic he was , so he decided to take the offensive and win the PR war . 
  K: If decide causes win then agent of decide is the same as agent of win

2438.S: b -RRB- No , they did n't want to embarrass the administration . 
  K: If n't want causes embarrass then agent of n't want is the same as agent of embarrass

2439.S: a -RRB- No , Starr got enough on Monday to nail him . 
  K: If get causes nail then agent of get is the same as agent of nail

2440.S: b -RRB- No , Starr does n't want to risk constitutional crisis . 
  K: If n't want causes risk then agent of n't want is the same as agent of risk

2441.S: c -RRB- Clinton assumed they would find Willey and Lewinsky but also assumed Willey and Lewinsky would stay silent , because his women usually do . 
  K: If assume causes assume then agent of assume is the same as agent of assume

2442.S: The New Walter Cronkite The rampant civility of the presidential and vice-presidential debates is enough to make me wan na give somebody a mouthful of bloody Chiclets . 
  K: If wan causes give then agent of wan is the same as agent of give

2443.S: He loves to acquire them , own them , fondle them , display them -- everything but open them up and read them . 
  K: If love causes acquire then agent of love is the same as agent of acquire

2444.S: Kemp just loves to repeat them . 
  K: If love causes repeat then agent of love is the same as agent of repeat

2445.S: Which brings us to `` optimism . '' 
  K: If bring causes optimism then recipient of bring is the same as agent of optimism

2446.S: But this time is different , says Dexter , because Ray is dying , and because the Ray family has asked the Kings to speak out . 
  K: If ask causes speak then recipient of ask is the same as agent of speak

2447.S: Her face , applied by celebrity makeup artist Kevin Aucoin , had lost that jolie laide quality that used to make her so compelling . 
  K: If use causes make then agent of use is the same as agent of make

2448.S: And a girl is certainly entitled to make herself over . 
  K: If entitle causes make then recipient of entitle is the same as agent of make

2449.S: It 's not as if she 's sold out , because any major-label rock star who claims to have managed not to is self-deluded . 
  K: If claim causes manage then agent of claim is the same as agent of manage

2450.S: It 's not as if she 's sold out , because any major-label rock star who claims to have managed not to is self-deluded . 
  K: If claim causes manage then agent of claim is the same as agent of manage

2451.S: It 's not as if she 's sold out , because any major-label rock star who claims to have managed not to is self-deluded . 
  K: If claim causes manage then agent of claim is the same as agent of manage

2452.S: All but 13 of Tibet 's 6,000-plus monasteries were looted and ransacked . 
  K: If loot causes ransack then recipient of loot is the same as recipient of ransack

2453.S: But nonviolent resistance tends to succeed when 1 -RRB- the world is watching and 2 -RRB- the oppressors care . 
  K: If tend causes succeed then agent of tend is the same as agent of succeed

2454.S: Not that Christian conservatives have cause to complain . 
  K: If cause causes complain then agent of cause is the same as agent of complain

2455.S: By making it , Roseanne destroyed the very thing that defined her : not making it . 
  K: If make causes not make then recipient of make is the same as recipient of not make

2456.S: The working-class folks whose lives Roseanne claimed to depict tuned in . 
  K: If claim causes depict then agent of claim is the same as agent of depict

2457.S: Several years later , The New Yorker invited her to guest edit its women 's issue . 
  K: If invite causes edit then recipient of invite is the same as agent of edit

2458.S: You could take the girl out of the trailer , but you could n't take the trailer out of the girl . 
  K: If take causes n't take then agent of take is the same as agent of n't take

2459.S: You may not like Murdoch -- it 's nearly impossible to like Murdoch -- but you should probably admire him . 
  K: If not like causes admire then agent of not like is the same as agent of admire

2460.S: The 66-year-old is not showing signs of age , but he is showing signs of respectability . 
  K: If not show causes show then recipient of not show is the same as recipient of show

2461.S: But as he gets older , it seems to be getting worse -LRB- or , if you prefer , better -RRB- . 
  K: If seem causes get then agent of seem is the same as agent of get

2462.S: Other philanthropists endow chairs and build hospitals : Templeton is trying to refashion the world 's intellectual fabric . 
  K: If try causes refashion then agent of try is the same as agent of refashion

2463.S: Some of the laws are biblical aphorisms : `` As you give , so shall you receive . '' 
  K: If give causes receive then agent of give is the same as agent of receive

2464.S: And if you want to scientifically `` prove '' or `` disprove '' one of the worldwide laws , he 'll fund the experiment . 
  K: If want causes scientifically then agent of want is the same as agent of scientifically

2465.S: Atwater had to die to get rehabilitated . 
  K: If die causes rehabilitate then agent of die is the same as recipient of rehabilitate

2466.S: This spring , he attempted to prevent the Senate from voting on the Chemical Weapons Convention . 
  K: If attempt causes prevent then agent of attempt is the same as agent of prevent

2467.S: And rather than persuade colleagues that Weld does n't deserve to be ambassador , Helms is trying to spike the nomination by not scheduling a confirmation hearing . 
  K: If try causes spike then agent of try is the same as agent of spike

2468.S: And rather than persuade colleagues that Weld does n't deserve to be ambassador , Helms is trying to spike the nomination by not scheduling a confirmation hearing . 
  K: If try causes spike then agent of try is the same as agent of spike

2469.S: Utah has blacklisted Manson because he once shredded a Mormon Bible onstage , and Christian groups picket outside every venue he plays . 
  K: If shred causes play then agent of shred is the same as agent of play

2470.S: Manson is lionized for speaking the `` truths '' that no one wants to hear : that Christianity is false , that conventional morality is stifling , and so on . 
  K: If want causes hear then agent of want is the same as agent of hear

2471.S: You want both sides to lose . 
  K: If want causes lose then recipient of want is the same as agent of lose

2472.S: Unlike Forbes and Perot , Weld never seems to be straining to garner the public 's approval . 
  K: If never seem causes strain then agent of never seem is the same as agent of strain

2473.S: Unlike Forbes and Perot , Weld never seems to be straining to garner the public 's approval . 
  K: If strain causes garner then agent of strain is the same as agent of garner

2474.S: Weld later conceded that he had planned months before to leave the Justice Department . 
  K: If plan causes leave then agent of plan is the same as agent of leave

2475.S: Of course , practically everyone , including Koch , wanted to spend more than the city had -- that 's what it meant to be a New York liberal . 
  K: If want causes spend then agent of want is the same as agent of spend

2476.S: Messinger ca n't break Giuliani 's stereotype , or break out of her own . 
  K: If n't break causes break then agent of n't break is the same as agent of break

2477.S: Meanwhile , a federal election monitor is refusing to certify Carey 's victory because of the investigations . 
  K: If refuse causes certify then agent of refuse is the same as agent of certify

2478.S: He champions efficiency and ruthlessness , and follows no higher principle than the value of his company 's stock . 
  K: If champion causes follow then agent of champion is the same as agent of follow

2479.S: He champions efficiency and ruthlessness , and follows no higher principle than the value of his company 's stock . 
  K: If ruthlessness causes follow then agent of ruthlessness is the same as agent of follow

2480.S: When public outrage prompted the AMA to wriggle free of the Sunbeam deal last week , Dunlap threatened to sue the association to enforce the contract . 
  K: If threaten causes sue then agent of threaten is the same as agent of sue

2481.S: When public outrage prompted the AMA to wriggle free of the Sunbeam deal last week , Dunlap threatened to sue the association to enforce the contract . 
  K: If threaten causes sue then agent of threaten is the same as agent of sue

2482.S: The AMA , meanwhile , will spend the next few months -LRB- or years -RRB- trying to repair its image . 
  K: If try causes repair then agent of try is the same as agent of repair

2483.S: Dunlap does not know how to build a company . 
  K: If not know causes build then agent of not know is the same as agent of build

2484.S: Spencer 's eulogy , which did as much to settle scores as to commemorate his sister , did not surprise anyone who 's followed the earl over the years . 
  K: If settle causes commemorate then recipient of settle is the same as agent of commemorate

2485.S: El Nio seems to determine the corn production of Zimbabwe , the coffee production of Sumatra , and the cocoa production of the Ivory Coast . 
  K: If seem causes determine then agent of seem is the same as agent of determine

2486.S: It appears to spark of encephalitis , cholera , hantavirus , bubonic plague , rattlesnake attacks , and shark attacks . 
  K: If appear causes spark then agent of appear is the same as agent of spark

2487.S: The warm , moist El Nio air causes the jet stream to split as it flows eastward over North America . 
  K: If cause causes split then recipient of cause is the same as agent of split

2488.S: The Northeast is thus spared the jet stream 's Arctic blasts , and enjoys a lovely winter . 
  K: If spare causes enjoy then recipient of spare is the same as agent of enjoy

2489.S: They do n't know why it is occurring more frequently : It used to arrive every five to eight years ; recently it 's been coming every three to five years . 
  K: If use causes arrive then agent of use is the same as agent of arrive

2490.S: Sinatra himself does n't change ; what changes is the way we choose to perceive him . 
  K: If choose causes perceive then agent of choose is the same as agent of perceive

2491.S: He 's a national Rorschach test : America periodically concocts a new Sinatra to fit the Zeitgeist . 
  K: If concoct causes fit then recipient of concoct is the same as agent of fit

2492.S: The Sex Pistols ' Sid Vicious recorded `` My Way , '' a bizarre combination of homage and scorn . 
  K: If record causes scorn then agent of record is the same as agent of scorn

2493.S: When the Globe , the Enquirer 's , hired an airline stewardess to seduce Frank Gifford on hidden camera , Coz was shocked , shocked . 
  K: If stewardess causes seduce then agent of stewardess is the same as agent of seduce

2494.S: If he gets any more high-minded , he 's going to bang his head on the ceiling . 
  K: If go causes bang then agent of go is the same as agent of bang

2495.S: Radio was supposed to bury them . 
  K: If suppose causes bury then recipient of suppose is the same as agent of bury

2496.S: Willes seems to embody the capitalist rationalism that has replaced it . 
  K: If seem causes embody then agent of seem is the same as agent of embody

2497.S: Two years ago , the Chandler family picked him to run their $ 3.4-billion-but-still-sickly media company . 
  K: If pick causes run then recipient of pick is the same as agent of run

2498.S: Other papers are shrinking content ; Willes wants to add sections and features . 
  K: If want causes add then agent of want is the same as agent of add

2499.S: Book clubs met and raved , and timorous , tingling questions -LRB- `` How deep did you have to reach to release those wonderful twins ? '' -RRB- 
  K: If reach causes release then agent of reach is the same as agent of release

2500.S: The stuff of a novel , but do n't expect the 37-year-old Roy to write it . 
  K: If n't expect causes write then recipient of n't expect is the same as agent of write

2501.S: `` I came to carry out the struggle , not to kill people , '' he says , a look of melancholy shadowing his face . 
  K: If come causes carry then agent of come is the same as agent of carry

2502.S: I do n't want to tell people I 'm a leader , '' he says . 
  K: If n't want causes tell then agent of n't want is the same as agent of tell

2503.S: He wants to make the most of his golden years . 
  K: If want causes make then agent of want is the same as agent of make

2504.S: Michael Milken got sick and became a beloved philanthropist . 
  K: If get causes become then agent of get is the same as agent of become

2505.S: If so , it seems to have worked . 
  K: If seem causes work then agent of seem is the same as agent of work

2506.S: Scheck and fellow O.J. attorneys did the impossible : They managed to lower the public 's estimation of criminal defense lawyers . 
  K: If manage causes lower then agent of manage is the same as agent of lower

2507.S: Johnnie Cochran race-baited and spun wild conspiracies . 
  K: If race causes spin then agent of race is the same as agent of spin

2508.S: Scheck came to personify the grotesque defense attorney , bullying , self-righteous , melodramatic . 
  K: If come causes personify then agent of come is the same as agent of personify

2509.S: Even if you 're not a pre-adolescent or South Africa 's living saint -- and Slate 's demographic surveys strongly suggest you 're neither -- you have probably heard the Spice Girls -LRB- `` Tell me what you want , what you really really want '' -RRB- . 
  K: If 're causes want then agent of 're is the same as agent of want

2510.S: Even if you 're not a pre-adolescent or South Africa 's living saint -- and Slate 's demographic surveys strongly suggest you 're neither -- you have probably heard the Spice Girls -LRB- `` Tell me what you want , what you really really want '' -RRB- . 
  K: If want causes want then agent of want is the same as agent of want

2511.S: Even if you 're not a pre-adolescent or South Africa 's living saint -- and Slate 's demographic surveys strongly suggest you 're neither -- you have probably heard the Spice Girls -LRB- `` Tell me what you want , what you really really want '' -RRB- . 
  K: If want causes want then recipient of want is the same as recipient of want

2512.S: Even if you 're not a pre-adolescent or South Africa 's living saint -- and Slate 's demographic surveys strongly suggest you 're neither -- you have probably heard the Spice Girls -LRB- `` Tell me what you want , what you really really want '' -RRB- . 
  K: If hear causes want then agent of hear is the same as agent of want

2513.S: Even if you 're not a pre-adolescent or South Africa 's living saint -- and Slate 's demographic surveys strongly suggest you 're neither -- you have probably heard the Spice Girls -LRB- `` Tell me what you want , what you really really want '' -RRB- . 
  K: If want causes want then agent of want is the same as agent of want

2514.S: Even if you 're not a pre-adolescent or South Africa 's living saint -- and Slate 's demographic surveys strongly suggest you 're neither -- you have probably heard the Spice Girls -LRB- `` Tell me what you want , what you really really want '' -RRB- . 
  K: If want causes want then recipient of want is the same as recipient of want

2515.S: Even if you 're not a pre-adolescent or South Africa 's living saint -- and Slate 's demographic surveys strongly suggest you 're neither -- you have probably heard the Spice Girls -LRB- `` Tell me what you want , what you really really want '' -RRB- . 
  K: If want causes want then agent of want is the same as agent of want

2516.S: Even if you 're not a pre-adolescent or South Africa 's living saint -- and Slate 's demographic surveys strongly suggest you 're neither -- you have probably heard the Spice Girls -LRB- `` Tell me what you want , what you really really want '' -RRB- . 
  K: If want causes want then recipient of want is the same as recipient of want

2517.S: Even if you 're not a pre-adolescent or South Africa 's living saint -- and Slate 's demographic surveys strongly suggest you 're neither -- you have probably heard the Spice Girls -LRB- `` Tell me what you want , what you really really want '' -RRB- . 
  K: If 're causes want then agent of 're is the same as agent of want

2518.S: Even if you 're not a pre-adolescent or South Africa 's living saint -- and Slate 's demographic surveys strongly suggest you 're neither -- you have probably heard the Spice Girls -LRB- `` Tell me what you want , what you really really want '' -RRB- . 
  K: If want causes want then agent of want is the same as agent of want

2519.S: Even if you 're not a pre-adolescent or South Africa 's living saint -- and Slate 's demographic surveys strongly suggest you 're neither -- you have probably heard the Spice Girls -LRB- `` Tell me what you want , what you really really want '' -RRB- . 
  K: If want causes want then recipient of want is the same as recipient of want

2520.S: Even if you 're not a pre-adolescent or South Africa 's living saint -- and Slate 's demographic surveys strongly suggest you 're neither -- you have probably heard the Spice Girls -LRB- `` Tell me what you want , what you really really want '' -RRB- . 
  K: If hear causes want then agent of hear is the same as agent of want

2521.S: Even if you 're not a pre-adolescent or South Africa 's living saint -- and Slate 's demographic surveys strongly suggest you 're neither -- you have probably heard the Spice Girls -LRB- `` Tell me what you want , what you really really want '' -RRB- . 
  K: If want causes want then agent of want is the same as agent of want

2522.S: Even if you 're not a pre-adolescent or South Africa 's living saint -- and Slate 's demographic surveys strongly suggest you 're neither -- you have probably heard the Spice Girls -LRB- `` Tell me what you want , what you really really want '' -RRB- . 
  K: If want causes want then recipient of want is the same as recipient of want

2523.S: Even if you 're not a pre-adolescent or South Africa 's living saint -- and Slate 's demographic surveys strongly suggest you 're neither -- you have probably heard the Spice Girls -LRB- `` Tell me what you want , what you really really want '' -RRB- . 
  K: If want causes want then agent of want is the same as agent of want

2524.S: Even if you 're not a pre-adolescent or South Africa 's living saint -- and Slate 's demographic surveys strongly suggest you 're neither -- you have probably heard the Spice Girls -LRB- `` Tell me what you want , what you really really want '' -RRB- . 
  K: If want causes want then recipient of want is the same as recipient of want

2525.S: You hear the jingle , you buy the album . 
  K: If hear causes buy then agent of hear is the same as agent of buy

2526.S: You buy the album , you hear the jingle . 
  K: If buy causes hear then agent of buy is the same as agent of hear

2527.S: Once he took a year off to sell real estate : He hated it . 
  K: If take causes sell then agent of take is the same as agent of sell

2528.S: Despite this record of unadulterated mediocrity , a fog of optimism continues to envelop Coppola . 
  K: If continue causes envelop then agent of continue is the same as agent of envelop

2529.S: So of course he became a hired gun : He needed to pay his debts . 
  K: If need causes pay then agent of need is the same as agent of pay

2530.S: Fundamentalist Christians want to get rid of Santa himself : He overshadows Jesus and profanes a sacred holiday . 
  K: If overshadow causes profane then agent of overshadow is the same as agent of profane

2531.S: `` There is no difficulty so great that it can not be overcome , no triumph so great that it can not be destroyed . '' 
  K: If not overcome causes not destroy then recipient of not overcome is the same as recipient of not destroy

2532.S: And I wanted to make it so again . '' 
  K: If want causes make then agent of want is the same as agent of make

2533.S: He overturned conventional wisdom , and preached heresy . 
  K: If overturn causes preach then agent of overturn is the same as agent of preach

2534.S: Ferraro seems to favor retail politics over ideology -LRB- like D'Amato -RRB- . 
  K: If seem causes favor then agent of seem is the same as agent of favor

2535.S: Ferraro has always wanted to take on Sen. Pothole . 
  K: If want causes take then agent of want is the same as agent of take

2536.S: Ferraro says she needs to raise $ 5.5 million to win the primary . 
  K: If need causes raise then agent of need is the same as agent of raise

2537.S: And D'Amato will not underestimate Ferraro , whom he fears most of all his potential opponents . 
  K: If not underestimate causes fear then recipient of not underestimate is the same as recipient of fear

2538.S: Instead , what seems to define the Rehnquist court is Rehnquist 's style . 
  K: If seem causes define then agent of seem is the same as agent of define

2539.S: He may have requested more judges , but only because the courts are clogged and slow . 
  K: If request causes slow then agent of request is the same as agent of slow

2540.S: He has urged Congress repeatedly to stop federalizing crimes . 
  K: If urge causes stop then recipient of urge is the same as agent of stop

2541.S: These procedural reforms remove the `` technicalities '' that Rehnquist believes clutter and pollute the legal system . 
  K: If remove causes pollute then agent of remove is the same as agent of pollute

2542.S: He does n't need to elaborate on them . 
  K: If n't need causes elaborate then agent of n't need is the same as agent of elaborate

2543.S: Until two years ago , it was ritual among Supreme Court-watchers to speculate that `` this term '' would be Rehnquist 's last . 
  K: If ritual causes speculate then recipient of ritual is the same as agent of speculate

2544.S: Why would he bother to retire ? 
  K: If bother causes retire then agent of bother is the same as agent of retire

2545.S: Uliassi , too , wants to relaunch his balloon . 
  K: If want causes relaunch then agent of want is the same as agent of relaunch

2546.S: The balloonists seem genuinely heroic : They endure cramped quarters and subzero temperatures , and they face real danger . 
  K: If endure causes face then agent of endure is the same as agent of face

2547.S: Magellan circled the earth in order to open it to trade , Lewis and Clark went west to build a country . 
  K: If go causes build then agent of go is the same as agent of build

2548.S: Magellan circled the earth in order to open it to trade , Lewis and Clark went west to build a country . 
  K: If go causes build then agent of go is the same as agent of build

2549.S: Magellan circled the earth in order to open it to trade , Lewis and Clark went west to build a country . 
  K: If go causes build then agent of go is the same as agent of build

2550.S: Even Voyager had a scientific aim : It vindicated the notion of ultralight planes and proved the value of ultralight materials . 
  K: If vindicate causes prove then agent of vindicate is the same as agent of prove

2551.S: We have climbed as high as we can and sunk as deep as we can . 
  K: If climb causes sink then agent of climb is the same as agent of sink

2552.S: No one has ever bothered to break the ballooning record because there 's no reason to do it . 
  K: If bother causes break then agent of bother is the same as agent of break

2553.S: Balloon experts give Branson , Piccard , or Rutan decent odds to complete the circumnavigation , eventually : All three have pressurized gondolas that allow them to travel fast through the high jet stream . 
  K: If allow causes travel then recipient of allow is the same as agent of travel

2554.S: He does not know how to lead . 
  K: If not know causes lead then agent of not know is the same as agent of lead

2555.S: More importantly , he failed to inspire voters . 
  K: If fail causes inspire then agent of fail is the same as agent of inspire

2556.S: The president used to prefer the fright-wig Arkansas hairdos of Flowers and Jones . 
  K: If use causes prefer then agent of use is the same as agent of prefer

2557.S: Clinton likes brunettes plenty -LRB- Lewinsky , Bobbie Ann Williams -RRB- but seems to prefer blondes -LRB- Browning , Sally Perdue -RRB- . 
  K: If seem causes prefer then agent of seem is the same as agent of prefer

2558.S: When she lost weight , she rolled a representative wagon of pig fat onstage . 
  K: If lose causes roll then agent of lose is the same as agent of roll

2559.S: Pooh is naive and ignorant : He spells poorly -LRB- `` honey '' is `` hunny '' -RRB- , and he is impressed by the pretentious wisdom of Owl . 
  K: If spell causes impress then agent of spell is the same as recipient of impress

2560.S: But when it comes to avarice , Pooh has a native intelligence . 
  K: If come causes avarice then agent of come is the same as agent of avarice

2561.S: Disney , which owns Pooh 's merchandising rights , has done even more to spread his gospel . 
  K: If do causes spread then agent of do is the same as agent of spread

2562.S: Barr forced a reluctant GOP leadership to move the bill by whipping up support among conservative Christians . 
  K: If force causes move then recipient of force is the same as agent of move

2563.S: The GOP brass wanted to leave the ban alone : There is little upside to endorsing semiautomatic weapons . 
  K: If want causes leave then agent of want is the same as agent of leave

2564.S: House Rules Committee Chairman Gerald Solomon , R-N.Y. , has so far refused to schedule a hearing on Barr 's resolution . 
  K: If refuse causes schedule then agent of refuse is the same as agent of schedule

2565.S: But the soft-spoken secretary-general gave away nothing and got much . 
  K: If give causes get then agent of give is the same as agent of get

2566.S: She and her colleagues could trust him to win peace without appeasement . 
  K: If trust causes win then recipient of trust is the same as agent of win

2567.S: The organization has already curtailed essential activities , and may be forced to shut down next year if the Americans do n't pay . 
  K: If curtail causes force then agent of curtail is the same as recipient of force

2568.S: The organization has already curtailed essential activities , and may be forced to shut down next year if the Americans do n't pay . 
  K: If force causes shut then recipient of force is the same as agent of shut

2569.S: Annan has been trying to pry the cash out of Washington since he took office . 
  K: If try causes pry then agent of try is the same as agent of pry

2570.S: Helms , who just two years ago threatened to end all U.N. funding , was charmed when Annan called on him last year . 
  K: If threaten causes end then agent of threaten is the same as agent of end

2571.S: Dylan shaved and even wore a tuxedo . 
  K: If shave causes wear then agent of shave is the same as agent of wear

2572.S: They 're supposed to be heard but not seen . 
  K: If suppose causes see then recipient of suppose is the same as recipient of see

2573.S: They 're supposed to be heard but not seen . 
  K: If hear causes see then recipient of hear is the same as recipient of see

2574.S: Ever since , he has used belligerence , bravado , and a gift for charming the media to make himself a star . 
  K: If charm causes make then recipient of charm is the same as agent of make

2575.S: He did the same thing when the studio tried to change the ending of Jagged Edge . 
  K: If try causes change then agent of try is the same as agent of change

2576.S: He dumped his director and edited the film himself . 
  K: If dump causes edit then agent of dump is the same as agent of edit

2577.S: Hefner published pictures of naked women and believed himself a radical . 
  K: If publish causes believe then agent of publish is the same as agent of believe

2578.S: When he writes sensationalist schlock , he gets the attention he craves . 
  K: If write causes crave then agent of write is the same as agent of crave

2579.S: He took over the news desk and soon became Cincinnati 's most popular anchor . 
  K: If take causes become then agent of take is the same as agent of become

2580.S: -LRB- If a conservative is a liberal who has been mugged , a nihilist is a liberal who is paid $ 2 million a year to do something revolting . -RRB- 
  K: If mug causes pay then recipient of mug is the same as recipient of pay

2581.S: Once upon a time , Springer was an idealist : He hoped to change the world through politics , to lead Ohio out of a recession . 
  K: If hope causes lead then agent of hope is the same as agent of lead

2582.S: Now they argue that the single entity suppresses salaries and violates antitrust laws . 
  K: If suppress causes violate then agent of suppress is the same as agent of violate

2583.S: And for MLS to make itself a top-class league , it needs to spend tens of millions of dollars to steal European players and protect its own stars . 
  K: If need causes spend then agent of need is the same as agent of spend

2584.S: Dozens of other writers and editors are hired to help produce his various projects . 
  K: If hire causes help then recipient of hire is the same as agent of help

2585.S: Writers have been told to hit a 500 word a day quota . 
  K: If tell causes hit then recipient of tell is the same as agent of hit

2586.S: According to some who have worked on the project , however , his main concern still seems to be meeting Microsoft 's deadlines . 
  K: If seem causes meet then agent of seem is the same as agent of meet

2587.S: He pressured Soviet leaders to release Jewish dissidents . 
  K: If pressure causes release then recipient of pressure is the same as agent of release

2588.S: Edgar Sr. harassed and condemned the former U.N. secretary-general so effectively that Waldheim tried to sue him . 
  K: If try causes sue then agent of try is the same as agent of sue

2589.S: He recruited Sen. Al D'Amato to hold hearings on Swiss misdeeds , persuaded the Clinton administration to investigate , and eventually forced the Swiss to pony up $ 7 billion to compensate Jewish victims . 
  K: If persuade causes investigate then recipient of persuade is the same as agent of investigate

2590.S: He recruited Sen. Al D'Amato to hold hearings on Swiss misdeeds , persuaded the Clinton administration to investigate , and eventually forced the Swiss to pony up $ 7 billion to compensate Jewish victims . 
  K: If recruit causes hold then recipient of recruit is the same as agent of hold

2591.S: The doors should not have opened : He produced a couple of bad movies and wrote even worse songs . 
  K: If produce causes write then agent of produce is the same as agent of write

2592.S: Gingrich recently toured to promote Lessons Learned the Hard Way . 
  K: If tour causes promote then agent of tour is the same as agent of promote

2593.S: Perhaps Republican voters really want to reward the doer -- not the campaigner , not the pre-campaigner . 
  K: If want causes reward then agent of want is the same as agent of reward

2594.S: He wore outrageous clothes and quipped his way across the States . 
  K: If wear causes quip then agent of wear is the same as agent of quip

2595.S: His redneck accent and reinforced the impression that he was a dim good ol' boy . 
  K: If accent causes reinforce then agent of accent is the same as agent of reinforce

2596.S: He does n't want to play anymore , and he does n't need to show off . 
  K: If n't want causes n't need then agent of n't want is the same as agent of n't need

2597.S: He does n't want to play anymore , and he does n't need to show off . 
  K: If play causes n't need then agent of play is the same as agent of n't need

2598.S: He does n't want to play anymore , and he does n't need to show off . 
  K: If n't need causes show then agent of n't need is the same as agent of show

2599.S: He does n't want to play anymore , and he does n't need to show off . 
  K: If n't need causes show then agent of n't need is the same as agent of show

2600.S: He does n't criticize them when they make turnovers or commit fouls , and he does n't tell them how to play . 
  K: If n't tell causes play then recipient of n't tell is the same as agent of play

2601.S: He does n't criticize them when they make turnovers or commit fouls , and he does n't tell them how to play . 
  K: If n't criticize causes play then recipient of n't criticize is the same as agent of play

2602.S: He does n't criticize them when they make turnovers or commit fouls , and he does n't tell them how to play . 
  K: If n't tell causes play then recipient of n't tell is the same as agent of play

2603.S: He does n't criticize them when they make turnovers or commit fouls , and he does n't tell them how to play . 
  K: If n't tell causes play then recipient of n't tell is the same as agent of play

2604.S: He does n't like its glitz and disapproves of young players ' greed . 
  K: If n't like causes disapprove then agent of n't like is the same as agent of disapprove

2605.S: And he has said he would n't want to coach a team of youngsters . 
  K: If n't want causes coach then agent of n't want is the same as agent of coach

2606.S: Within a few months of his inauguration , the Barry-loathing Republican Congress installed a Control Board to oversee the city 's shaky finances . 
  K: If instal causes oversee then recipient of instal is the same as agent of oversee

2607.S: His personal security force included an incredible 30 officers until Congress forced him to halve it last year . 
  K: If force causes halve then recipient of force is the same as agent of halve

2608.S: Congress will be more likely to return home rule and rearm the mayor if Barry is gone . 
  K: If return causes rearm then agent of return is the same as agent of rearm

2609.S: He is also planning lecture tours and shopping a memoir . 
  K: If plan causes shop then agent of plan is the same as agent of shop

2610.S: Critics have admired the film technically but have deplored Thompson 's vision . 
  K: If admire causes deplore then agent of admire is the same as agent of deplore

2611.S: But if the young Hunter is being rejected too easily , the elderly Hunter is being welcomed too kindly . 
  K: If reject causes welcome then recipient of reject is the same as recipient of welcome

2612.S: They 're not even happy ; most of them hate the lives they lead , but they ca n't afford to admit it because they do n't know where else to go , or what else to do . 
  K: If n't afford causes admit then agent of n't afford is the same as agent of admit

2613.S: Her formula : She overpays star writers , gives them top billing , and relies on striking covers to attract readers . 
  K: If rely causes attract then agent of rely is the same as agent of attract

2614.S: The old New Yorker was whimsical , often fatally so : Writers were expected to indulge their own peculiar interest and damn public opinion . 
  K: If expect causes indulge then recipient of expect is the same as agent of indulge

2615.S: Despite her current woes , no one really expects Brown to leave The New Yorker . 
  K: If expect causes leave then recipient of expect is the same as agent of leave

2616.S: Newhouse ca n't afford not to renew her contract . 
  K: If n't afford causes not renew then agent of n't afford is the same as agent of not renew

2617.S: He set out to impose the Cond Nast model on The New Yorker : expand circulation and raise ad rates . 
  K: If set causes impose then agent of set is the same as agent of impose

2618.S: He has a sensitive political ear : If he needs to compromise , he compromises . 
  K: If need causes compromise then agent of need is the same as agent of compromise

2619.S: He has a sensitive political ear : If he needs to compromise , he compromises . 
  K: If compromise causes compromise then agent of compromise is the same as agent of compromise

2620.S: It is said that he has n't a lick of genuine humor and rarely displays empathy . 
  K: If say causes display then recipient of say is the same as agent of display

2621.S: He may lose , but he wo n't quit . 
  K: If lose causes n't quit then agent of lose is the same as agent of n't quit

2622.S: Master P 's new movie , a blaxploitation comedy titled I Got the Hook-Up , which he wrote , produced , and stars in , has already grossed $ 10 million , far more than the $ 2.5 million he spent to make it . 
  K: If spend causes make then agent of spend is the same as agent of make

2623.S: It was supposed to have been killed by now , murdered by public backlash , or by the resurgence of R & B , or by its own fratricidal strife . 
  K: If suppose causes kill then recipient of suppose is the same as recipient of kill

2624.S: He started selling records out of his own car , and he has n't relinquished control of anything yet . 
  K: If start causes n't relinquish then agent of start is the same as agent of n't relinquish

2625.S: By paying the production costs of I Got the Hook-Up out of his own pocket and retaining ownership of it , he stands to make at least twice as much as he would have if he had taken Miramax 's $ 5 million offer to buy it outright . 
  K: If stand causes make then agent of stand is the same as agent of make

2626.S: By paying the production costs of I Got the Hook-Up out of his own pocket and retaining ownership of it , he stands to make at least twice as much as he would have if he had taken Miramax 's $ 5 million offer to buy it outright . 
  K: If stand causes make then agent of stand is the same as agent of make

2627.S: By paying the production costs of I Got the Hook-Up out of his own pocket and retaining ownership of it , he stands to make at least twice as much as he would have if he had taken Miramax 's $ 5 million offer to buy it outright . 
  K: If stand causes make then agent of stand is the same as agent of make

2628.S: The time has come to reassess and redefine the loser . 
  K: If reassess causes redefine then agent of reassess is the same as agent of redefine

2629.S: But any moron can produce a Tarantino knock-off or a bit of Italian dreck and call it an art house masterpiece . 
  K: If produce causes call then agent of produce is the same as agent of call

2630.S: They wedded themselves to focus groups , obsessed over demographics , and relied heavily on formulaic action adventures . 
  K: If wed causes focus then recipient of wed is the same as agent of focus

2631.S: Most studio heads rely on vice presidents and vast development offices : The Weinsteins read scripts and buy films themselves . 
  K: If read causes buy then agent of read is the same as agent of buy

2632.S: They promote shamelessly , pioneering the practice of calling Academy Awards voters to sway their votes . 
  K: If call causes sway then recipient of call is the same as agent of sway

2633.S: What all appearances neglected to consider , but the Brookings study did not , was the 2.97 seconds that it takes , on average , to fasten a seat belt . 
  K: If take causes fasten then agent of take is the same as agent of fasten

2634.S: What all appearances neglected to consider , but the Brookings study did not , was the 2.97 seconds that it takes , on average , to fasten a seat belt . 
  K: If neglect causes consider then agent of neglect is the same as agent of consider

2635.S: Of course , as car men -- no less than consumer advocates -- now hasten to add , the value of a human life is infinite , which makes $ 16 million a bargain . 
  K: If hasten causes add then agent of hasten is the same as agent of add

2636.S: I 'll admit that when I first spotted the net , I failed to grasp its symbolic importance . 
  K: If spot causes fail then agent of spot is the same as agent of fail

2637.S: I 'll admit that when I first spotted the net , I failed to grasp its symbolic importance . 
  K: If fail causes grasp then agent of fail is the same as agent of grasp

2638.S: I 'll admit that when I first spotted the net , I failed to grasp its symbolic importance . 
  K: If admit causes fail then agent of admit is the same as agent of fail

2639.S: I 'll admit that when I first spotted the net , I failed to grasp its symbolic importance . 
  K: If fail causes grasp then agent of fail is the same as agent of grasp

2640.S: I confess that I harbor a belief that contradicts much that I have held dear over the years , that leads me to reject well-established economic theory and practice , that has earned me the understandable scorn of my Slate colleagues . 
  K: If lead causes reject then recipient of lead is the same as agent of reject

2641.S: A government that can not resist the importuning of any special interest or union , that lacks both the will and the talent to reform itself . 
  K: If lack causes reform then recipient of lack is the same as agent of reform

2642.S: A striking number , usually women , turned out to share my low thyroid . 
  K: If turn causes share then agent of turn is the same as agent of share

2643.S: Why should n't we all pitch in and help each other out when times are tough ? 
  K: If n't pitch causes help then agent of n't pitch is the same as agent of help

2644.S: Last May , the Republican-controlled Congress voted to make the subsidies permanent . 
  K: If vote causes make then agent of vote is the same as agent of make

2645.S: But rule bending by individuals is probably penny ante stuff compared with the advantage taken by states and their agencies , upon whom FEMA 's tiny audit staff must rely to verify all but the largest grants . 
  K: If rely causes verify then recipient of rely is the same as agent of verify

2646.S: But rule bending by individuals is probably penny ante stuff compared with the advantage taken by states and their agencies , upon whom FEMA 's tiny audit staff must rely to verify all but the largest grants . 
  K: If rely causes verify then recipient of rely is the same as agent of verify

2647.S: But rule bending by individuals is probably penny ante stuff compared with the advantage taken by states and their agencies , upon whom FEMA 's tiny audit staff must rely to verify all but the largest grants . 
  K: If rely causes verify then recipient of rely is the same as agent of verify

2648.S: On the other hand , if , having gotten a FEMA loan to cover most of their emergency bills , they somehow fail to raise enough revenues to cover all their regular spending plus the payback cost three years later , FEMA will forgive the debt . 
  K: If fail causes raise then agent of fail is the same as agent of raise

2649.S: It may not surprise you to learn that few loans are repaid . 
  K: If not surprise causes learn then recipient of not surprise is the same as agent of learn

2650.S: But , it 's worth remembering when the next set of calamities hits your television screen -- or , far worse , your own community -- that when we decide to `` nationalize '' our problems , the overhead tends to get very high , very fast . 
  K: If decide causes nationalize then agent of decide is the same as agent of nationalize

2651.S: And since the longer a resident trains , the larger the total subsidy , the system has also encouraged doctors to extend their educations and become specialists rather than lower-paid general practitioners . 
  K: If encourage causes extend then recipient of encourage is the same as agent of extend

2652.S: People tend to forget that under the old rules , states got to set the key parameter -- the benefit level . 
  K: If get causes set then agent of get is the same as agent of set

2653.S: People tend to forget that under the old rules , states got to set the key parameter -- the benefit level . 
  K: If get causes set then agent of get is the same as agent of set

2654.S: Well , the Food Stamp program has long been capped -- supposedly -- yet Congress has never failed to provide extra funds when governors needed them . 
  K: If never fail causes provide then agent of never fail is the same as agent of provide

2655.S: People who work hard and build a good record move on to better jobs . 
  K: If work causes move then agent of work is the same as agent of move

2656.S: State officials think many potential recipients simply got the message that times have changed , and found jobs on their own . 
  K: If get causes find then agent of get is the same as agent of find

2657.S: Yet past experience suggests that parents who want to work can and will find child care that suits their needs . 
  K: If want causes work then agent of want is the same as agent of work

2658.S: The deal makers contend that the budget deal itself will promote growth and so create additional savings . 
  K: If promote causes create then agent of promote is the same as agent of create

2659.S: The forces of nature are supposed to avoid any multibillion-dollar calamities such as the recent Grand Forks , N.D. , flood . 
  K: If suppose causes avoid then recipient of suppose is the same as agent of avoid

2660.S: This depends on which you think is more important : the spending increases Congress enacts now -- or the spending cuts it promises to enact five years from now . 
  K: If promise causes enact then agent of promise is the same as agent of enact

2661.S: By leaving Medicare , Social Security , and other entitlements unreformed , he argues , when a recession hits , Congress will be forced to all but dismantle the remaining part of government -- `` all the things liberals love . '' 
  K: If force causes dismantle then recipient of force is the same as agent of dismantle

2662.S: The net $ 85 billion cut , they note , is less than 1 percent of the taxes the government expects to collect over the next five years . 
  K: If expect causes collect then agent of expect is the same as agent of collect

2663.S: Meanwhile , the Soviet Union has disintegrated , and its former minions are queuing up to join NATO . 
  K: If queue causes join then agent of queue is the same as agent of join

2664.S: This year the numbers are projected to be roughly the same , though Mexico 's U.S. surplus is expected to shrink somewhat . 
  K: If expect causes shrink then recipient of expect is the same as agent of shrink

2665.S: This year the numbers are projected to be roughly the same , though Mexico 's U.S. surplus is expected to shrink somewhat . 
  K: If expect causes shrink then recipient of expect is the same as agent of shrink

2666.S: Some people -LRB- e.g. , our president -RRB- manage to promiscuate pretty indiscriminately without the incentive of food stamps -- just as some minority citizens manage to get ahead without affirmative action . 
  K: If manage causes promiscuate then agent of manage is the same as agent of promiscuate

2667.S: If it is succor toward which they run , they will have to run forever . 
  K: If run causes run then agent of run is the same as agent of run

2668.S: American soldiers gave her a drink and poured water over her . 
  K: If give causes pour then agent of give is the same as agent of pour

2669.S: Your task today is to study the adjacent photograph carefully , then to locate the notorious Lincoln Bedroom . 
  K: If study causes locate then agent of study is the same as agent of locate

2670.S: Some pictures are allowed to speak their thousand words because we like what they have to say ; some pictures are silenced . 
  K: If allow causes speak then recipient of allow is the same as agent of speak

2671.S: Regardless of how it 's done , transaction costs will continue to plummet as computers get more powerful . 
  K: If continue causes plummet then agent of continue is the same as agent of plummet

2672.S: Regardless of how it 's done , transaction costs will continue to plummet as computers get more powerful . 
  K: If continue causes plummet then agent of continue is the same as agent of plummet

2673.S: But imagine that , several years hence , Slate is trying to decide among micropayments , subscriptions , and remaining free . 
  K: If try causes decide then agent of try is the same as agent of decide

2674.S: It costs virtually the same amount to produce , no matter how many people use it , and no matter how heavy the use . 
  K: If cost causes produce then recipient of cost is the same as agent of produce

2675.S: If imposing micropayments or other explicit user fees loses you many users , you 'll decide to stay free and collect your micropayments through ads . 
  K: If decide causes collect then agent of decide is the same as agent of collect

2676.S: If imposing micropayments or other explicit user fees loses you many users , you 'll decide to stay free and collect your micropayments through ads . 
  K: If decide causes collect then agent of decide is the same as agent of collect

2677.S: If you can clone a sheep , you can almost certainly clone a human being . 
  K: If clone causes clone then agent of clone is the same as agent of clone

2678.S: Truly natural human reproduction would mean 50 percent infant mortality and make pregnancy-related death the No. 1 killer of adult women . 
  K: If mean causes make then agent of mean is the same as agent of make

2679.S: The notion of an 80-year-old man cloning himself to cheat death is quaint , but it is unrealistic . 
  K: If clone causes cheat then recipient of clone is the same as agent of cheat

2680.S: Even there , many will mix genetics to mimic nature . 
  K: If mix causes mimic then recipient of mix is the same as agent of mimic

2681.S: Or they might write a magazine column and have recently published a best-selling book . 
  K: If write causes publish then agent of write is the same as agent of publish

2682.S: First , you must tell people more or less what you think they want to hear . 
  K: If want causes hear then agent of want is the same as agent of hear

2683.S: Many tricks have been invented to serve this end . 
  K: If invent causes serve then recipient of invent is the same as agent of serve

2684.S: Chicken entrails are n't enough -- you need to channel the spirit of an 11,000-year-old warrior . 
  K: If need causes channel then agent of need is the same as agent of channel

2685.S: Tell 'em that `` old media '' are going to die . 
  K: If go causes die then agent of go is the same as agent of die

2686.S: We do not fear the forces of nature as much as our species once did , because we understand those forces better . 
  K: If not fear causes understand then agent of not fear is the same as agent of understand

2687.S: We do not fear the forces of nature as much as our species once did , because we understand those forces better . 
  K: If not fear causes understand then recipient of not fear is the same as recipient of understand

2688.S: As Akira Kurosawa could have told us , the beginning and end of the story are not enough : We need to know the motivations and behavior in between . 
  K: If need causes know then agent of need is the same as agent of know

2689.S: Of course , if you believe that big , supposedly sophisticated players can be that foolish -- or , for that matter , if you believe that they are not foolish but do foolish things because the government will always bail them out -- you start to wonder whether our whole financial structure is as sound as we like to imagine . 
  K: If start causes wonder then agent of start is the same as agent of wonder

2690.S: Of course , if you believe that big , supposedly sophisticated players can be that foolish -- or , for that matter , if you believe that they are not foolish but do foolish things because the government will always bail them out -- you start to wonder whether our whole financial structure is as sound as we like to imagine . 
  K: If like causes imagine then agent of like is the same as agent of imagine

2691.S: ... Somewhere , a grandmother could n't afford to call her granddaughter , or a child went without a book , or a family could n't afford that first home because there was just not enough money . 
  K: If n't afford causes call then agent of n't afford is the same as agent of call

2692.S: Dole 's speech tried to put over , one more time , the fiction that the federal government takes away your hard-earned money and spends most of it on things that only social workers want . 
  K: If try causes put then agent of try is the same as agent of put

2693.S: Anyone who proposes a radical downsizing of the federal government must mean to slash this list . 
  K: If mean causes slash then agent of mean is the same as agent of slash

2694.S: How reassuring , then , to be told that it is all irrelevant -- that all you really need to know are a few simple ideas ! 
  K: If need causes know then agent of need is the same as agent of know

2695.S: It 's an exhilaratingly cynical view , because it suggests that to succeed , an idea need not be true or even useful , as long as it has what it takes to propagate itself . 
  K: If suggest causes succeed then agent of suggest is the same as agent of succeed

2696.S: It 's an exhilaratingly cynical view , because it suggests that to succeed , an idea need not be true or even useful , as long as it has what it takes to propagate itself . 
  K: If take causes propagate then recipient of take is the same as agent of propagate

2697.S: Why on earth would anyone not a member of the Modern Language Association want to use an academic buzzword that has been the butt of so many jokes ? 
  K: If want causes use then agent of want is the same as agent of use

2698.S: But I eventually came to realize that working biologists regard Gould much the same way that economists regard Robert Reich : talented writer , too bad he never gets anything right . 
  K: If come causes realize then agent of come is the same as agent of realize

2699.S: The costs of this volatility are hard to measure -LRB- partly because sophisticated financial markets allow businesses to hedge much of that risk -RRB- , but they must be significant . 
  K: If allow causes hedge then recipient of allow is the same as agent of hedge

2700.S: The costs of this volatility are hard to measure -LRB- partly because sophisticated financial markets allow businesses to hedge much of that risk -RRB- , but they must be significant . 
  K: If allow causes hedge then recipient of allow is the same as agent of hedge

2701.S: And even if they keep their jobs , the fear of being fired has forced them to accept stagnant or declining wages while productivity and profits soar . 
  K: If force causes accept then recipient of force is the same as agent of accept

2702.S: It does if you are trying to set any sort of policy priorities . 
  K: If try causes set then agent of try is the same as agent of set

2703.S: Should we pressure those companies to stop announcing layoffs ? 
  K: If pressure causes stop then recipient of pressure is the same as agent of stop

2704.S: No doubt his political masters allowed him to downsize the issue of downsizing at least partly because they believed that good news re-elects presidents . 
  K: If allow causes downsize then recipient of allow is the same as agent of downsize

2705.S: These two facts mean that a certain amount of speculation is a normal and necessary part of the way the market works : It is inevitable and desirable that people should try to buy low and sell high , building up inventories when the price is perceived to be unusually low and running those inventories down when the price seems to be especially high . 
  K: If try causes buy then agent of try is the same as agent of buy

2706.S: What you have now done , if you have pulled it off , is created an artificial shortage that sends prices soaring , allowing you to make big profits on the stuff you do sell . 
  K: If soar causes make then recipient of soar is the same as agent of make

2707.S: The amazing thing is that Sumitomo managed to overcome all these hitches . 
  K: If manage causes overcome then agent of manage is the same as agent of overcome

2708.S: So why was Hamanaka allowed to continue ? 
  K: If allow causes continue then recipient of allow is the same as agent of continue

2709.S: The result is that many -- perhaps even most -- people feel that they have failed to make the cut , no matter how comfortable their lives . 
  K: If fail causes make then agent of fail is the same as agent of make

2710.S: Before we go any further , I need to ask what you think of an essay that begins this way . 
  K: If need causes ask then agent of need is the same as agent of ask

2711.S: But wait -- what entitles me to assume that consumer demand will rise enough to absorb all the additional production ? 
  K: If entitle causes assume then recipient of entitle is the same as agent of assume

2712.S: `` You need to stimulate the investment decision , '' says University of Texas economist James K. Galbraith , a Keynesian . 
  K: If need causes stimulate then agent of need is the same as agent of stimulate

2713.S: -LRB- I 'm happy to reuse my grocery bags -- but do n't expect me to walk to the supermarket . -RRB- 
  K: If 'm causes n't expect then agent of 'm is the same as agent of n't expect

2714.S: -LRB- I 'm happy to reuse my grocery bags -- but do n't expect me to walk to the supermarket . -RRB- 
  K: If n't expect causes walk then recipient of n't expect is the same as agent of walk

2715.S: -LRB- I 'm happy to reuse my grocery bags -- but do n't expect me to walk to the supermarket . -RRB- 
  K: If reuse causes n't expect then agent of reuse is the same as agent of n't expect

2716.S: -LRB- I 'm happy to reuse my grocery bags -- but do n't expect me to walk to the supermarket . -RRB- 
  K: If n't expect causes walk then recipient of n't expect is the same as agent of walk

2717.S: But I would be hard pressed to think of a single economist not actually employed by an anti-environmental lobbying operation who believes that the United States should protect the environment less , not more , than it currently does . 
  K: If press causes think then recipient of press is the same as agent of think

2718.S: So measured GDP might well fall very little , or even rise . 
  K: If fall causes rise then agent of fall is the same as agent of rise

2719.S: Only last year Congress rushed to cut gasoline taxes to offset a temporary price rise . 
  K: If rush causes cut then agent of rush is the same as agent of cut

2720.S: Not many voters stopped to ask where the money was coming from . 
  K: If ask causes stop then agent of ask is the same as agent of stop

2721.S: Wo n't rational voters simply choose politicians who promise to serve their interests ? 
  K: If promise causes serve then agent of promise is the same as agent of serve

2722.S: A French employer must pay his workers well and provide generous benefits , and it is almost as hard to fire those workers as it is to evict a New York tenant . 
  K: If pay causes fire then recipient of pay is the same as recipient of fire

2723.S: True , some problems are easy to diagnose but hard to deal with . 
  K: If diagnose causes deal then agent of diagnose is the same as agent of deal

2724.S: -LRB- One physicist insisted that the economy has `` gone nonlinear , '' and is now governed by chaos theory . -RRB- 
  K: If insist causes govern then agent of insist is the same as recipient of govern

2725.S: Most economists do not get paid to express particular views . 
  K: If not pay causes express then recipient of not pay is the same as agent of express

2726.S: Standard economic theory offers reasons to believe that markets are a good way to organize economic activity . 
  K: If offer causes believe then recipient of offer is the same as agent of believe

2727.S: Now suppose that an investigative journalist visited Freedonia and discovered that it was all a sham . 
  K: If visit causes discover then agent of visit is the same as agent of discover

2728.S: Now I come to berry seizures -- not to praise them -LRB- sorry , I could n't help myself -RRB- but to point out how different the case is . 
  K: If berry causes point then agent of berry is the same as agent of point

2729.S: But the truth is that I do n't know -- and I do n't think it matters . 
  K: If n't know causes n't think then agent of n't know is the same as agent of n't think

2730.S: What could have caused Cassidy to suspend his critical faculties ? 
  K: If cause causes suspend then recipient of cause is the same as agent of suspend

2731.S: That is , the more units of something the economy is already producing , the harder it is to produce one unit more ; the more units of something people are already consuming , the less they are willing to pay to consume one unit more . 
  K: If pay causes consume then agent of pay is the same as agent of consume

2732.S: Clinton is most attracted by matters social and economic , Gore by matters environmental and scientific . 
  K: If attract causes Gore then agent of attract is the same as agent of Gore

2733.S: Actually , I have all the leading introductory texts on my shelf -LRB- I 'm writing one myself and am trying to steal my competitors ' ideas -RRB- , and every one has an extensive section on environmental issues . 
  K: If try causes steal then agent of try is the same as agent of steal

2734.S: Having reached this mature configuration , a person continues to pile up grains of experience , building on the existing base . 
  K: If continue causes pile then agent of continue is the same as agent of pile

2735.S: Besides , how could investors hope to know what they were buying , when few businesses kept scrupulous accounts ? 
  K: If hope causes know then agent of hope is the same as agent of know

2736.S: The individual depositor is free to pull his money out whenever he wants ; yet that money can be used to finance projects that require long-term commitment . 
  K: If use causes finance then recipient of use is the same as agent of finance

2737.S: They rush to pull their money out . 
  K: If rush causes pull then agent of rush is the same as agent of pull

2738.S: Nowadays banks are by no means guaranteed to make money : To turn a profit they must work hard , innovate -- and take big risks . 
  K: If work causes innovate then agent of work is the same as agent of innovate

2739.S: Are they all now going to be demanding comparable paychecks ? 
  K: If go causes demand then agent of go is the same as agent of demand

2740.S: Never mind the crude complaint that it is too big , or too profitable , or that nerdy types tend to dislike its products . 
  K: If tend causes dislike then agent of tend is the same as agent of dislike

2741.S: He criticized the simplistic anti-racism of the liberal establishment because he wanted society to tackle the real problems , not because he wanted it to stand aside . 
  K: If want causes stand then recipient of want is the same as agent of stand

2742.S: He criticized the simplistic anti-racism of the liberal establishment because he wanted society to tackle the real problems , not because he wanted it to stand aside . 
  K: If want causes stand then recipient of want is the same as agent of stand

2743.S: He criticized the simplistic anti-racism of the liberal establishment because he wanted society to tackle the real problems , not because he wanted it to stand aside . 
  K: If want causes stand then recipient of want is the same as agent of stand

2744.S: And the dilemma Loury identified so clearly 22 years ago remains not only unresolved but also unconfronted . 
  K: If remain causes unconfronted then agent of remain is the same as agent of unconfronted

2745.S: The problem is that even these high rates of investment are n't enough to absorb the huge sums that consumers apparently want to save . 
  K: If want causes save then agent of want is the same as agent of save

2746.S: Most economic theorizing is based on the assumption that individuals behave rationally -- that companies set prices to maximize their profits , that workers choose to accept or reject jobs based on a rational calculation of their interests , and so on . 
  K: If choose causes accept then agent of choose is the same as agent of accept

2747.S: But the big things matter too , and if economists try to pretend that they do n't , one of these days they are going to get stomped on . 
  K: If try causes pretend then agent of try is the same as agent of pretend

2748.S: They tried to legislate recovery -- passing a rule requiring each couple to go out at least twice a month . 
  K: If try causes legislate then agent of try is the same as agent of legislate

2749.S: And so , as I said , the co-op 's story helps me to resist the pull of fatalism and pessimism . 
  K: If help causes resist then recipient of help is the same as agent of resist

2750.S: To prevent members from abusing this privilege , however , the management would probably need to impose some penalty -- requiring borrowers to repay more coupons than they borrowed . 
  K: If need causes impose then agent of need is the same as agent of impose

2751.S: To prevent members from abusing this privilege , however , the management would probably need to impose some penalty -- requiring borrowers to repay more coupons than they borrowed . 
  K: If require causes repay then recipient of require is the same as agent of repay

2752.S: And they decline to pay . 
  K: If decline causes pay then agent of decline is the same as agent of pay

2753.S: Given the need to pay such high rates on its debt , the government needed to borrow even more , further weakening confidence and pushing the rates still higher . 
  K: If need causes borrow then agent of need is the same as agent of borrow

2754.S: Why could n't they get together and agree to pay enough taxes to keep their rackets going ? 
  K: If agree causes pay then agent of agree is the same as agent of pay

2755.S: But it 's one thing to analyze a phenomenon and another thing to encourage it . 
  K: If analyze causes encourage then recipient of analyze is the same as agent of encourage

2756.S: Wars will tend to break out along civilizational `` fault lines '' and will tend to expand along the same lines . 
  K: If tend causes expand then agent of tend is the same as agent of expand

2757.S: Wars will tend to break out along civilizational `` fault lines '' and will tend to expand along the same lines . 
  K: If tend causes break then agent of tend is the same as agent of break

2758.S: Sometimes Huntington seems to think so . 
  K: If seem causes think then agent of seem is the same as agent of think

2759.S: One can imagine another book that would synthesize and elaborate the of this one . 
  K: If synthesize causes elaborate then agent of synthesize is the same as agent of elaborate

2760.S: One can imagine another book that would synthesize and elaborate the of this one . 
  K: If imagine causes elaborate then recipient of imagine is the same as agent of elaborate

2761.S: Dead Head Back when I was a journalist -- before I became a provider of digital content -- I thought life would always be simple : I would write articles , and people would pay to read them . 
  K: If pay causes read then agent of pay is the same as agent of read

2762.S: Dead Head Back when I was a journalist -- before I became a provider of digital content -- I thought life would always be simple : I would write articles , and people would pay to read them . 
  K: If pay causes read then agent of pay is the same as agent of read

2763.S: Dead Head Back when I was a journalist -- before I became a provider of digital content -- I thought life would always be simple : I would write articles , and people would pay to read them . 
  K: If pay causes read then agent of pay is the same as agent of read

2764.S: If they want to read more , they deposit a quarter . 
  K: If want causes read then agent of want is the same as agent of read

2765.S: If they want to read more , they deposit a quarter . 
  K: If read causes deposit then agent of read is the same as agent of deposit

2766.S: Will you try to steal a copy instead ? 
  K: If try causes steal then agent of try is the same as agent of steal

2767.S: It takes a family to raise a child . '' 
  K: If take causes raise then recipient of take is the same as agent of raise

2768.S: You can acquire a second spouse so long as you discard the first one . 
  K: If acquire causes discard then agent of acquire is the same as agent of discard

2769.S: It 's not enough to note that Dole 's daughter Robin was 17 when he divorced , and now seems well adjusted . 
  K: If divorce causes seem then agent of divorce is the same as agent of seem

2770.S: The issues are a bit arcane , but I 'll try to provide a rough sketch of some of them . 
  K: If try causes provide then agent of try is the same as agent of provide

2771.S: The textbook example of kin selection is a newly minted gene that inclines a ground squirrel to stand up and give an alarm call upon seeing a predator . 
  K: If incline causes give then recipient of incline is the same as agent of give

2772.S: The textbook example of kin selection is a newly minted gene that inclines a ground squirrel to stand up and give an alarm call upon seeing a predator . 
  K: If stand causes give then agent of stand is the same as agent of give

2773.S: -LRB- You may doubt that someday you 'll have a Web page , but you may also have doubted two years ago that someday you 'd need e-mail . -RRB- 
  K: If doubt causes need then agent of doubt is the same as agent of need

2774.S: Now , as it gains support within both biology and psychology , he seems to be staging a strategic retreat . 
  K: If seem causes stage then agent of seem is the same as agent of stage

2775.S: Evolutionary psychologists , Gould suggests , tend to take the `` inevitability '' view , while a more discerning interpretation of biology -LRB- his -RRB- takes the `` capacity '' view . 
  K: If tend causes take then agent of tend is the same as agent of take

2776.S: Can you imagine the Times running -- over its lead story -- the headline `` DEMOCRATS HOPED TO RAISE MILLIONS FROM U.S. JEWS '' ? 
  K: If HOPED causes RAISE then agent of HOPED is the same as agent of RAISE

2777.S: Actually , what I hope to dispel is n't pre-Darwinian mystery , but a kind of post-Darwinian mysticism , a confused exaltation of genetic affinity . 
  K: If hope causes dispel then recipient of hope is the same as agent of dispel

2778.S: It 's just that the misfiring would n't happen often enough to greatly dilute the genetic math favoring the gene 's proliferation . 
  K: If n't happen causes dilute then agent of n't happen is the same as agent of dilute

2779.S: What people like me really mean is that full siblings share half of any genes that are newly minted -- genes that have recently arisen and on which natural selection is just starting to pass judgment . 
  K: If start causes pass then agent of start is the same as agent of pass

2780.S: First , the treaty 's verification rules would violate U.S. sovereignty , allowing foreign inspectors to swoop down on a factory `` without probable cause , without a search warrant , '' and `` interrogate employees , '' `` remove documents , '' and so on . 
  K: If allow causes swoop then recipient of allow is the same as agent of swoop

2781.S: It is `` our belief , '' the spokesman told the Wall Street Journal , that `` our members are not going to be impacted '' by the treaty . 
  K: If not go causes impact then agent of not go is the same as recipient of impact

2782.S: But you do n't need chemical weapons to deter chemical weapons . 
  K: If n't need causes deter then recipient of n't need is the same as recipient of deter

2783.S: A treaty expressly devoted to eliminating chemical weapons obliges members to help build them ? 
  K: If oblige causes help then recipient of oblige is the same as agent of help

2784.S: This claim is based on of a somewhat opaque section of the treaty , and is widely considered ridiculous . 
  K: If base causes consider then recipient of base is the same as recipient of consider

2785.S: When our second daughter showed up three years later , we did n't even bother to set up the crib . 
  K: If n't bother causes set then agent of n't bother is the same as agent of set

2786.S: The aspect of the nation-state they most wanted to constrain was aggression . 
  K: If want causes constrain then agent of want is the same as agent of constrain

2787.S: But , as Keeley also notes , when international tribunals exist to resolve disputes , trade is generally pacifying . 
  K: If exist causes resolve then agent of exist is the same as agent of resolve

2788.S: It passed on a center-right coalition and reflects that fact . 
  K: If pass causes reflect then agent of pass is the same as agent of reflect

2789.S: As this column is posted , the Senate is poised to vote on the Chemical Weapons Convention . 
  K: If poise causes vote then recipient of poise is the same as agent of vote

2790.S: Heedless of the consequences , Clinton again and again has followed , as Joseph Campbell used to say , his bliss . 
  K: If use causes say then agent of use is the same as agent of say

2791.S: To pick up some superfluous Slavic-American votes , Clinton decided to expand NATO , something virtually no policy analyst anywhere near him on the ideological spectrum considered a good idea . 
  K: If decide causes expand then agent of decide is the same as agent of expand

2792.S: If you do n't want it , you can dispose of it this afternoon . 
  K: If n't want causes dispose then agent of n't want is the same as agent of dispose

2793.S: They 'll accept your gift all right , but they wo n't credit your personal account . 
  K: If accept causes n't credit then agent of accept is the same as agent of n't credit

2794.S: Let them collect interest until the day of reckoning when that political hero finally arrives to raise taxes and retire the debt . 
  K: If arrive causes raise then agent of arrive is the same as agent of raise

2795.S: Let them collect interest until the day of reckoning when that political hero finally arrives to raise taxes and retire the debt . 
  K: If arrive causes raise then agent of arrive is the same as agent of raise

2796.S: I do n't mean to say that everyone should buy Treasury bonds . 
  K: If n't mean causes say then agent of n't mean is the same as agent of say

2797.S: If you know enough to trigger an impeachment , the president wo n't dare cross you . 
  K: If know causes cross then agent of know is the same as recipient of cross

2798.S: On the other hand , if the offenses you know about are embarrassing but short of impeachable , you 've got to make the best deal you can right away . 
  K: If get causes make then agent of get is the same as agent of make

2799.S: If she knew a middling amount , she 'd be following Jim 's lead . 
  K: If know causes follow then agent of know is the same as agent of follow

2800.S: If , on the other hand , the information was worth many times $ 4.6 million , then Ames sold cheap , suggesting that he was forced to underbid a host of potential competitors . 
  K: If force causes underbid then recipient of force is the same as agent of underbid

2801.S: We ca n't hope to guess right all the time . 
  K: If n't hope causes guess then agent of n't hope is the same as agent of guess

2802.S: We can harness that force by designing laws and institutions that require each new government burden to be widely shared . 
  K: If require causes share then recipient of require is the same as recipient of share

2803.S: We can harness that force by designing laws and institutions that require each new government burden to be widely shared . 
  K: If require causes share then recipient of require is the same as recipient of share

2804.S: If your behavior ca n't affect your tax bill , your tax bill wo n't affect your behavior . 
  K: If n't affect causes n't affect then recipient of n't affect is the same as agent of n't affect

2805.S: If your behavior ca n't affect your tax bill , your tax bill wo n't affect your behavior . 
  K: If n't affect causes n't affect then agent of n't affect is the same as recipient of n't affect

2806.S: A tax of `` $ 10,000 per year if you 're white and $ 5,000 per year if you 're black '' is a perfectly . 
  K: If 're causes 're then agent of 're is the same as agent of 're

2807.S: To convince us to earn an income worth taxing , the government is forced to let us . 
  K: If force causes let then recipient of force is the same as agent of let

2808.S: To convince us to earn an income worth taxing , the government is forced to let us . 
  K: If force causes let then recipient of force is the same as agent of let

2809.S: So , even if parents really wanted to equalize their children 's incomes , they . 
  K: If want causes equalize then agent of want is the same as agent of equalize

2810.S: So , the general rule is that if people wanted to redistribute among offspring , they 'd do it through bequests . 
  K: If want causes redistribute then agent of want is the same as agent of redistribute

2811.S: But parents do n't use bequests to redistribute income . 
  K: If n't use causes redistribute then recipient of n't use is the same as agent of redistribute

2812.S: We are entitled to conclude that parents do n't consider redistributing income to be terribly important . 
  K: If entitle causes conclude then recipient of entitle is the same as agent of conclude

2813.S: According to this theory , parents would prefer to spend everything they 've got before they go . 
  K: If prefer causes spend then agent of prefer is the same as agent of spend

2814.S: You might want to argue that paying blacks $ 65,000 to do a $ 100,000 job is itself a form of discrimination . 
  K: If want causes argue then agent of want is the same as agent of argue

2815.S: Or consider Joan , who attended a party where she ought to have met the charming and healthy Martin . 
  K: If consider causes attend then recipient of consider is the same as agent of attend

2816.S: Even if Martin had failed to deny Maxwell a conquest that evening , and thus failed to slow the epidemic , he could at least have made someone happy . 
  K: If fail causes slow then agent of fail is the same as agent of slow

2817.S: Even if Martin had failed to deny Maxwell a conquest that evening , and thus failed to slow the epidemic , he could at least have made someone happy . 
  K: If fail causes deny then agent of fail is the same as agent of deny

2818.S: We face it whenever a producer fails to safeguard the environment . 
  K: If fail causes safeguard then agent of fail is the same as agent of safeguard

2819.S: Maxwell knows that he is more likely than Martin to be infected already , and hence probably values condoms less than Martin does . 
  K: If infect causes value then recipient of infect is the same as agent of value

2820.S: If that 's your best judgment when you shell out your first $ 100 , it should be your best judgment when you shell out your second $ 100 . 
  K: If shell causes shell then agent of shell is the same as agent of shell

2821.S: When it comes to managing your personal portfolio , economists will tell you to diversify . 
  K: If tell causes diversify then recipient of tell is the same as agent of diversify

2822.S: When it comes to managing your personal portfolio , economists will tell you to diversify . 
  K: If tell causes diversify then recipient of tell is the same as agent of diversify

2823.S: This makes him the judicial equivalent of the automatic-elevator operator who will not allow the passengers to press the buttons . 
  K: If not allow causes press then recipient of not allow is the same as agent of press

2824.S: Economic theory predicts that special-interest groups will try to manipulate the rules of the workplace to make themselves indispensable . 
  K: If try causes manipulate then agent of try is the same as agent of manipulate

2825.S: Nevertheless , we allow judges to exclude evidence even though , once evidence has been introduced , we trust jurors to decide how much weight it should receive . 
  K: If trust causes decide then recipient of trust is the same as agent of decide

2826.S: Nevertheless , we allow judges to exclude evidence even though , once evidence has been introduced , we trust jurors to decide how much weight it should receive . 
  K: If allow causes exclude then recipient of allow is the same as agent of exclude

2827.S: Either we have a very muddled view of what jurors can accomplish , or the system has been devised to serve the interests of judges and lawyers who thrive on confusion . 
  K: If devise causes serve then recipient of devise is the same as agent of serve

2828.S: Either we have a very muddled view of what jurors can accomplish , or the system has been devised to serve the interests of judges and lawyers who thrive on confusion . 
  K: If devise causes serve then recipient of devise is the same as agent of serve

2829.S: If some moral principle allows the tax collector to confiscate 40 percent of Gates ' income , that same moral principle should allow the unemployed lumberjacks of Oregon to confiscate your rich grandchildren 's view of the giant redwoods . 
  K: If allow causes confiscate then recipient of allow is the same as agent of confiscate

2830.S: If some moral principle allows the tax collector to confiscate 40 percent of Gates ' income , that same moral principle should allow the unemployed lumberjacks of Oregon to confiscate your rich grandchildren 's view of the giant redwoods . 
  K: If allow causes confiscate then recipient of allow is the same as agent of confiscate

2831.S: If some moral principle allows the tax collector to confiscate 40 percent of Gates ' income , that same moral principle should allow the unemployed lumberjacks of Oregon to confiscate your rich grandchildren 's view of the giant redwoods . 
  K: If allow causes confiscate then recipient of allow is the same as agent of confiscate

2832.S: Those who embrace all these philosophies at once -- Bill Clinton comes to mind -- have about them at least a mild air of intellectual schizophrenia . 
  K: If come causes mind then agent of come is the same as agent of mind

2833.S: Where do you get all those resources you own and consume ? 
  K: If own causes consume then agent of own is the same as agent of consume

2834.S: When a decision-maker is more conscious of costs than of benefits , he tends to make decisions that are overly conservative . 
  K: If tend causes make then agent of tend is the same as agent of make

2835.S: But the second argument does tend to buttress the first . 
  K: If tend causes buttress then agent of tend is the same as agent of buttress

2836.S: If the answer is `` yes , '' then it seems to follow that we are morally obliged to have more children than we really want . 
  K: If seem causes follow then agent of seem is the same as agent of follow

2837.S: If they have rights , then surely we are required to help some of them escape . 
  K: If require causes help then recipient of require is the same as agent of help

2838.S: -LRB- That 's not to say that we 'd necessarily want to trash Earth ; we might have selfish reasons for preserving it . 
  K: If want causes trash then agent of want is the same as agent of trash

2839.S: I mean to say only that if we ever did want to trash Earth , it would be morally permissible . -RRB- 
  K: If mean causes say then agent of mean is the same as agent of say

2840.S: Either conclusion is disturbing , but what 's most disturbing of all is that if we reject one , it seems we are forced to accept the other . 
  K: If force causes accept then recipient of force is the same as agent of accept

2841.S: But that kind of dismissal is too glib , because it is not based on any estimate of how much it costs to discriminate . 
  K: If cost causes discriminate then agent of cost is the same as agent of discriminate

2842.S: Without that estimate , we ca n't even begin to think about whether the cost is high enough to make much difference . 
  K: If n't begin causes think then agent of n't begin is the same as agent of think

2843.S: To make those assumptions more concrete , suppose you 're the manager of a corporation that employs one black and nine whites , paying the black $ 60,000 and the whites $ 100,000 apiece . 
  K: If employ causes pay then recipient of employ is the same as recipient of pay

2844.S: That 's not an irrefutable disproof that discrimination exists , but it 's at least a calculation that needs to be taken seriously . 
  K: If need causes take then agent of need is the same as recipient of take

2845.S: That 's not an irrefutable disproof that discrimination exists , but it 's at least a calculation that needs to be taken seriously . 
  K: If need causes take then agent of need is the same as recipient of take

2846.S: Herrnstein and Murray argued that heredity plays a substantial role , but Neal and Johnson 's more recent findings tend to refute that interpretation . 
  K: If tend causes refute then agent of tend is the same as agent of refute

2847.S: Herrnstein and Murray argued that heredity plays a substantial role , but Neal and Johnson 's more recent findings tend to refute that interpretation . 
  K: If tend causes refute then agent of tend is the same as agent of refute

2848.S: Much research remains to be done , and is being done , and will be done . 
  K: If remain causes do then agent of remain is the same as recipient of do

2849.S: My overall trade deficit was pretty high yesterday : I spent $ 600 on a living-room rug , and I earned $ 0 . 
  K: If spend causes earn then agent of spend is the same as agent of earn

2850.S: That 's because excessive trade deficits are self-limiting : If you run a trade deficit every year , bankruptcy will eventually force you to stop . 
  K: If force causes stop then recipient of force is the same as agent of stop

2851.S: That 's because excessive trade deficits are self-limiting : If you run a trade deficit every year , bankruptcy will eventually force you to stop . 
  K: If force causes stop then recipient of force is the same as agent of stop

2852.S: That 's because excessive trade deficits are self-limiting : If you run a trade deficit every year , bankruptcy will eventually force you to stop . 
  K: If run causes force then agent of run is the same as recipient of force

2853.S: That 's because excessive trade deficits are self-limiting : If you run a trade deficit every year , bankruptcy will eventually force you to stop . 
  K: If force causes stop then recipient of force is the same as agent of stop

2854.S: A perpetual trade surplus is likely to mean you 're either working too hard or consuming too little ; either way , you 're not getting enough enjoyment out of life . 
  K: If work causes not get then agent of work is the same as agent of not get

2855.S: Toyota allowed you to buy a car without a security system . 
  K: If allow causes buy then recipient of allow is the same as agent of buy

2856.S: The Club convinces thieves to steal someone else 's car instead ; the Lojack convinces thieves not to steal . 
  K: If convince causes not steal then recipient of convince is the same as agent of not steal

2857.S: The Club convinces thieves to steal someone else 's car instead ; the Lojack convinces thieves not to steal . 
  K: If convince causes steal then recipient of convince is the same as agent of steal

2858.S: If we all used the same insurance company , you might expect that company to supply the appropriate subsidy . 
  K: If use causes expect then recipient of use is the same as recipient of expect

2859.S: As long as your Lojack reduces the number of insurance claims , the company should be willing to pay you to install it . 
  K: If pay causes install then recipient of pay is the same as agent of install

2860.S: This observation used to dismay the late Nobel laureate George Stigler : He maintained that the grand institution of matrimony is demeaned by those who ca n't be bothered to negotiate its details . 
  K: If use causes dismay then agent of use is the same as agent of dismay

2861.S: That is n't true , and here 's one reason why : A lot of marital issues are negotiable -- like who should do the dishes , who gets to operate the remote control , which one wears the anti-snore device and which one wears the earplugs , and so on . 
  K: If get causes operate then agent of get is the same as agent of operate

2862.S: Bribery works equally well under no-fault and mutual consent -LRB- though the choice of contract alters the balance of power and therefore might alter the size of the bribes -RRB- . 
  K: If alter causes alter then agent of alter is the same as agent of alter

2863.S: Bribery works equally well under no-fault and mutual consent -LRB- though the choice of contract alters the balance of power and therefore might alter the size of the bribes -RRB- . 
  K: If alter causes alter then agent of alter is the same as agent of alter

2864.S: And this process feeds on itself : Your spouse works to make you happy , which makes you want to preserve the marriage , which makes you work to make your spouse happy , which makes your spouse want to preserve the marriage , and so on , in a great virtuous circle . 
  K: If work causes make then agent of work is the same as agent of make

2865.S: And this process feeds on itself : Your spouse works to make you happy , which makes you want to preserve the marriage , which makes you work to make your spouse happy , which makes your spouse want to preserve the marriage , and so on , in a great virtuous circle . 
  K: If work causes make then agent of work is the same as agent of make

2866.S: And this process feeds on itself : Your spouse works to make you happy , which makes you want to preserve the marriage , which makes you work to make your spouse happy , which makes your spouse want to preserve the marriage , and so on , in a great virtuous circle . 
  K: If want causes preserve then agent of want is the same as agent of preserve

2867.S: And this process feeds on itself : Your spouse works to make you happy , which makes you want to preserve the marriage , which makes you work to make your spouse happy , which makes your spouse want to preserve the marriage , and so on , in a great virtuous circle . 
  K: If want causes preserve then agent of want is the same as agent of preserve

2868.S: -LRB- Though here I 'm tempted to respond that it 's a mistake to generalize about human behavior on the basis of a few extraordinary individuals who probably -- and quite atypically -- love their work . -RRB- 
  K: If tempt causes respond then recipient of tempt is the same as agent of respond

2869.S: If everyone could agree to save a little less , we 'd all be better off : Our relative mating-game scores would be unchanged , but we 'd all have more money to spend . 
  K: If agree causes save then agent of agree is the same as agent of save

2870.S: But if inequality becomes so great that people lose all hope of changing their relative positions , then the incentive to oversave disappears , and the inequality could begin to shrink . 
  K: If begin causes shrink then agent of begin is the same as agent of shrink

2871.S: He points out that where regulators run amok , they tend to disrupt the rental market and the job market simultaneously . 
  K: If tend causes disrupt then agent of tend is the same as agent of disrupt

2872.S: He points out that where regulators run amok , they tend to disrupt the rental market and the job market simultaneously . 
  K: If tend causes disrupt then agent of tend is the same as agent of disrupt

2873.S: So you can tell a lot of different stories to explain Oswald 's numbers . 
  K: If tell causes explain then recipient of tell is the same as agent of explain

2874.S: Now that you 've made your choices , you can read on to discover whether you 're a rational creature . 
  K: If make causes discover then agent of make is the same as agent of discover

2875.S: Now that you 've made your choices , you can read on to discover whether you 're a rational creature . 
  K: If read causes discover then agent of read is the same as agent of discover

2876.S: Now that you 've made your choices , you can read on to discover whether you 're a rational creature . 
  K: If read causes discover then agent of read is the same as agent of discover

2877.S: It would be embarrassing if a lot of Slate readers failed this test , so I 'm going to make it easy by adopting a very broad definition of rationality . 
  K: If go causes make then agent of go is the same as agent of make

2878.S: If you 're looking to explain all human behavior on the basis of a few simple axioms , it 's a warning . 
  K: If look causes explain then agent of look is the same as agent of explain

2879.S: Conversely , if everyone expects most drivers to be insured , insurers charge low premiums and then most drivers choose to be insured . 
  K: If choose causes insure then agent of choose is the same as recipient of insure

2880.S: Conversely , if everyone expects most drivers to be insured , insurers charge low premiums and then most drivers choose to be insured . 
  K: If expect causes insure then recipient of expect is the same as recipient of insure

2881.S: Therefore the $ 100 claimant gets $ 50 , and the $ 125 claimant gets the remaining $ 75 . 
  K: If get causes get then agent of get is the same as agent of get

2882.S: Although the ancient rabbis failed to consider this particular example , Aumann and Maschler express confidence that if they had considered it , they would have endorsed this unique consistent solution . 
  K: If fail causes consider then agent of fail is the same as agent of consider

2883.S: If you 'd like to review why the $ 50 , $ 125 , and $ 225 distribution of the $ 400 estate is consistent , . 
  K: If like causes review then agent of like is the same as agent of review

2884.S: That 's only partly because I 'm attempting to deny my own mortality . 
  K: If attempt causes deny then agent of attempt is the same as agent of deny

2885.S: But as long as Amazon itself remains independent and holds a substantial market share , at least a part of the problem remains . 
  K: If remain causes hold then agent of remain is the same as agent of hold

2886.S: But publishers might or might not want to play that role . 
  K: If not want causes play then agent of not want is the same as agent of play

2887.S: The Times ' prescription is comparable to allowing people to choose how much to sleep while forbidding them from choosing how much to stay awake ; the reality is that you ca n't choose one without choosing the other . 
  K: If allow causes choose then recipient of allow is the same as agent of choose

2888.S: Monopoly Shopping Microsoft is paying me to write this column . 
  K: If pay causes write then recipient of pay is the same as agent of write

2889.S: Euclid has shown you how to work it out . 
  K: If show causes work then recipient of show is the same as agent of work

2890.S: Now , if you were to undertake to disprove that proposition , would you prove it to be false by calling Euclid a liar ? 
  K: If undertake causes disprove then agent of undertake is the same as agent of disprove

2891.S: I promised to make an argument that would stand or fall on its own merits , and I claim to have fulfilled that promise . 
  K: If claim causes fulfil then agent of claim is the same as agent of fulfil

2892.S: I promised to make an argument that would stand or fall on its own merits , and I claim to have fulfilled that promise . 
  K: If claim causes fulfil then agent of claim is the same as agent of fulfil

2893.S: I promised to make an argument that would stand or fall on its own merits , and I claim to have fulfilled that promise . 
  K: If promise causes fulfil then agent of promise is the same as agent of fulfil

2894.S: I promised to make an argument that would stand or fall on its own merits , and I claim to have fulfilled that promise . 
  K: If make causes fulfil then agent of make is the same as agent of fulfil

2895.S: I promised to make an argument that would stand or fall on its own merits , and I claim to have fulfilled that promise . 
  K: If claim causes fulfil then agent of claim is the same as agent of fulfil

2896.S: I promised to make an argument that would stand or fall on its own merits , and I claim to have fulfilled that promise . 
  K: If claim causes fulfil then agent of claim is the same as agent of fulfil

2897.S: That one 's not going to fly . 
  K: If not go causes fly then agent of not go is the same as agent of fly

2898.S: As soon as I announced a uniform price of $ 5 , my neighbor would announce a price of $ 4.75 . 
  K: If announce causes announce then recipient of announce is the same as recipient of announce

2899.S: Well , at least that 's what I used to tell my students . 
  K: If use causes tell then recipient of use is the same as agent of tell

2900.S: Apparently , none of those scholars has thought to ask the obvious follow-up question , namely , why 10 ? 
  K: If think causes ask then agent of think is the same as agent of ask

2901.S: The hard part is deciding how many false acquittals you 're willing to accept to avoid a false conviction . 
  K: If accept causes avoid then agent of accept is the same as agent of avoid

2902.S: So it 's got to be worth it to think about what terms we want to aim for . 
  K: If want causes aim then recipient of want is the same as agent of aim

2903.S: Suppose you want to know just how unpleasant it is to face a 1 percent chance of a $ 100,000 loss . 
  K: If want causes know then agent of want is the same as agent of know

2904.S: If there 's an American who has n't got 15 cents worth of entertainment out of this affair , I 've yet to meet him . 
  K: If 've causes meet then agent of 've is the same as agent of meet

2905.S: If there 's an American who has n't got 15 cents worth of entertainment out of this affair , I 've yet to meet him . 
  K: If 've causes meet then agent of 've is the same as agent of meet

2906.S: If he raises taxes to support `` defense '' programs that fail to justify their costs , once again the price of land will fall . 
  K: If fail causes justify then agent of fail is the same as agent of justify

2907.S: If he raises taxes to support `` defense '' programs that fail to justify their costs , once again the price of land will fall . 
  K: If raise causes support then recipient of raise is the same as agent of support

2908.S: Even when we ultimately reject those proposals , we learn something by articulating their flaws . 
  K: If reject causes learn then agent of reject is the same as agent of learn

2909.S: Conspiracy theory was rolled out to explain my sinister cheerfulness . 
  K: If roll causes explain then recipient of roll is the same as agent of explain

2910.S: The last thing Republicans wanted to hear is that the EPA is a blessing . 
  K: If want causes hear then agent of want is the same as agent of hear

2911.S: It seemed doubly odd when months came where the secretary forgot to put the requisition through . 
  K: If forget causes put then agent of forget is the same as agent of put

2912.S: It seemed doubly odd when months came where the secretary forgot to put the requisition through . 
  K: If forget causes put then agent of forget is the same as agent of put

2913.S: I try to explain : The communism I had fled was hardly traumatic or violent . 
  K: If try causes explain then agent of try is the same as agent of explain

2914.S: as it were -- I assume they would have let me go home , but I would have been forbidden to board the plane and would have missed my meeting . 
  K: If forbid causes board then recipient of forbid is the same as agent of board

2915.S: as it were -- I assume they would have let me go home , but I would have been forbidden to board the plane and would have missed my meeting . 
  K: If assume causes miss then agent of assume is the same as recipient of miss

2916.S: as it were -- I assume they would have let me go home , but I would have been forbidden to board the plane and would have missed my meeting . 
  K: If forbid causes board then recipient of forbid is the same as agent of board

2917.S: as it were -- I assume they would have let me go home , but I would have been forbidden to board the plane and would have missed my meeting . 
  K: If forbid causes board then recipient of forbid is the same as agent of board

2918.S: So I did what I had done 30 years ago : I chose to be humiliated just so I could reach my goal . 
  K: If do causes reach then agent of do is the same as agent of reach

2919.S: So I did what I had done 30 years ago : I chose to be humiliated just so I could reach my goal . 
  K: If choose causes reach then agent of choose is the same as agent of reach

2920.S: So I did what I had done 30 years ago : I chose to be humiliated just so I could reach my goal . 
  K: If humiliate causes reach then recipient of humiliate is the same as agent of reach

2921.S: But I was determined not to be humiliated again . 
  K: If determine causes not humiliate then recipient of determine is the same as recipient of not humiliate

2922.S: `` But what does it mean to be tagged ? '' 
  K: If mean causes tag then agent of mean is the same as recipient of tag

2923.S: I could not even begin to imagine . 
  K: If not begin causes imagine then agent of not begin is the same as agent of imagine

2924.S: I 've been tagged again and this time , they wanted to search my check-in luggage . 
  K: If want causes search then agent of want is the same as agent of search

2925.S: I 've been tagged again and this time , they wanted to search my check-in luggage . 
  K: If want causes search then agent of want is the same as agent of search

2926.S: They relented and bypassed the computer . '' 
  K: If relent causes bypass then agent of relent is the same as agent of bypass

2927.S: Though I have heard this question many times over the years , I still do n't know the correct response . 
  K: If hear causes n't know then agent of hear is the same as agent of n't know

2928.S: It was published last year and got positive reviews . 
  K: If publish causes get then recipient of publish is the same as recipient of get

2929.S: I was tempted to sign them , and nobody would have been the wiser , but something held me back . 
  K: If tempt causes sign then recipient of tempt is the same as agent of sign

2930.S: But the defining characteristic of a therapeutic bill is its thrift : It does n't increase the budget ; it requires no new taxes ; and it offends no special-interest group . 
  K: If require causes offend then agent of require is the same as agent of offend

2931.S: But the defining characteristic of a therapeutic bill is its thrift : It does n't increase the budget ; it requires no new taxes ; and it offends no special-interest group . 
  K: If n't increase causes offend then agent of n't increase is the same as agent of offend

2932.S: The anti-stalking bill cost Clinton and several hundred members of Congress absolutely nothing , but allowed them to inflate their anti-crime rsums . 
  K: If allow causes inflate then recipient of allow is the same as agent of inflate

2933.S: and urged that we make it illegal `` even to attempt to pollute '' -LRB- whatever that means -RRB- . 
  K: If illegal causes attempt then agent of illegal is the same as agent of attempt

2934.S: and urged that we make it illegal `` even to attempt to pollute '' -LRB- whatever that means -RRB- . 
  K: If attempt causes pollute then agent of attempt is the same as agent of pollute

2935.S: The genuine demagogue assails minorities and labels his foes Communists . 
  K: If assail causes label then agent of assail is the same as agent of label

2936.S: He stood for what he believed in . 
  K: If stand causes believe then agent of stand is the same as agent of believe

2937.S: Dole refuses to give up ? 
  K: If refuse causes give then agent of refuse is the same as agent of give

2938.S: CCD-impaired journalists blot out the past and embrace the mawkish . 
  K: If blot causes embrace then agent of blot is the same as agent of embrace

2939.S: It never goes away , but it 's always returning . 
  K: If never go causes return then agent of never go is the same as agent of return

